title = "RBI Sees CBDC as Means to Internationalise Indian Rupee, Improve Cross Border Transactions" ,  The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) released its latest report detailing the development and roadmap ahead for the digital finance industry. Among several innovations that the RBI praised in this report, the mention of the eRupee central bank digital currency (CBDC) did not go unnoticed. Built like crypto but regulated by the RBI, India's eRupee CBDC is currently under its advanced trial phase. The country's apex bank, at this point, is looking at the eRupee to become a tool to improve India's cross border transactions and take the INR to an international level. The RBI has compiled its views on the ongoing trends that have been observed in the fintech sector. The report on currency and finance 2023-2024 addresses the eRupee, and says that the launch of the CBDC is aimed at brightening India's projection of soft power. “Crossborder digital trade policies and digitalisation, along with measures aimed at internationalising the Indian Rupee (INR) and the CBDC project, would play a crucial role in harnessing new opportunities, supporting seamless international transactions, reducing foreign exchange risks and managing global liquidity,” the report noted. WazirX Hatches Controversial Plan for Dealing with Hack Aftermath The RBI is presently exploring ways to have foreign direct investments (FDIs) make direct inroads into India's fintech sector. Hence, the central bank intends to expand the adoption of fintech advancements such as the eRupee. RBI expects the inclusion of the CBDC into India's financial system to elevate data security, availability of e-payment services, as well as boost local digital skills. In May 2024, India was among the 36 countries globally with their respective CBDCs in the pilot stage, the central bank noted in its report. CBDCs like the eRupee are virtual representation of fiat currencies like Rupee. They are supported on blockchain networks rather than on traditional servers. All transactions facilitated through a CBDC leave a permanent, unalterable record on the blockchain, which makes the financial system more transparent. The use of CBDCs can help banks around the world reduce their dependencies on paper notes, while also digitising the finance sector. WazirX Blames Liminal for Wallet Compromise, Says Own Systems Secure “As of June 2024, 50 lakh users and 4.2 lakh merchants were participating in the CBDC retail pilot,” the report further noted. Presently, the eRupee is under trial in the retail and wholesale sectors for Person to Person (P2P) and Person to Merchant (P2M) transactions. In conversation with Gadgets360, Sharat Chandra, Founder of EmpowerEdge Ventures, also weighed in on RBI's outlook towards the eRupee CBDC. "Establishing multi-CBDC bridges with nations that share strategic ties with India will significantly enhance the RBI's objective of rupee internationalistion. Just as UPI is gaining global traction, the Digital Rupee operating on UPI infrastructure is poised to become a reality soon,” Chandra said. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Infinix Note 40X 5G Price Range, Key Specifications Revealed Ahead of India Launch" ,  Infinix Note 40X 5G will go official in India on August 5. Ahead of the launch, the Transsion Holdings subsidiary has revealed the price range of the new Note series phone. The brand has also disclosed its key specifications. The Infinix Note 40X 5G is confirmed to run on the MediaTek Dimensity 6300 5G SoC paired with 12GB of RAM and 256GB of onboard storage. It will house a 5,000mAh battery with 18W fast charging support. Infinix Note 40X 5G price in India Through a press release, Infinix announced that the upcoming Note 40X 5G will be priced below Rs. 15,000 in the country. It is confirmed to ship with 12GB of RAM and 256GB of onboard storage. This price tag will place the handset below the Infinix Note 40 5G in the Indian market. The latter was launched last month with a starting price tag of Rs. 19,999 for the single 8GB RAM + 256GB option. Infinix Note 40X 5G specifications The Infinix Note 40X 5G will be equipped with a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset. It is teased to come with a 5,000mAh battery with 18W fast charging support. The new handset will offer several AI-based features. It is packed with an AI App Boost feature that is claimed to allow users to keep their favourite apps ready in the background. Further, there is an AI Charge feature that is touted to optimise the charging process while maintaining battery health. Infinix Note 40 5G Review: Noteworthy Budget Phone Infinix Note 40X 5G is confirmed to come with a 6.78-inch full HD+ display. It will pack an AI-backed 108-megapixel triple rear camera unit. For selfies, there will be an 8-megapixel front camera with LED flash. It will pack a side-mounted fingerprint scanner for authentication and boasts dual speakers with DTS Audio. The launch of Infinix Note 40X will take place on August 5. It will be offered in Lime Green, Palm Blue, and Starlit Black colour options.  Infinix Introduces New 720-Degree SphereTech NFC Technology  




title = "JioBharat J1 4G With 2.8-Inch Display, Pre-Installed JioPay, JioTV Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  JioBharat J1 4G has been launched in India. It is introduced in the country as an entry-level feature phone with support for 4G connectivity. The handset is a budget offering from the company that comes with support for Jio's special JioBharat plan. It comes pre-installed with applications like JioTV, JioCinema, and JioPay. The phone is also equipped with a rear camera unit and is currently available for purchase in the country. It joins the JioBharat B1 4G, which was unveiled in October 2023. JioBharat J1 4G Price in India, Availability The JioBharat J1 4G is currently available for purchase in India priced at Rs. 1,799 via Amazon. The feature phone is listed in a Dark Grey colourway. JioBharat J1 4G Specifications, Features The JioBharat J1 4G sports a 2.8-inch display alongside a physical keypad with dedicated navigation as well as call answer and reject buttons. The phone runs on Threadx RTOS and supports 0.13GB onboard storage and up to 128GB of expandable memory. New Jio Phone Surfaces on BIS Site, Said to Debut as Jio Bharat B2 Jio also extends a 4G recharge plan of Rs. 123 which offers unlimited voice calls and 14GB of data per month. Users can access 455+ channels including several regional channels using the pre-installed JioTV app. Using the JioPay app, they can also access easy UPI transactions. JioGames Announces Integration With Google's GameSnacks


Jio Bharat B1 4G With 2.4-Inch Display, Keypad Debuts in India at This Price The JioBharat J1 4G is backed by a 2,500mAh battery and it is also equipped with a 3.5mm audio jack. The handset measures 135 x 56 x 16mm in size and weighs 122g. For optics, it carries a digital camera unit at the back. This camera also helps users scan QR codes which can be used for online payments.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 Tipped to Offer Major Upgrade in GPU Power Efficiency, But Marginal CPU Gains" ,  The Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset will be Qualcomm's next-generation flagship mobile platform once it is launched in October. Ahead of the launch, several reports have pointed to the possible improvements the chipset could get. A new leak now claims that the chip might offer significant GPU power efficiency, however, its CPU performance may not match the expectations of consumers. Notably, the Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset is said to be built upon a 3nm process technology from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC). Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC Tipped to Not Get Significant CPU Performance In a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), a leak aggregator who goes by the username @negativeonehero posted a screenshot of a Weibo post of a Chinese tipster. Summarising the tipster's information, the X user said, “Looking at the internal testing data of 8G4, the CPU efficiency improvement is in the single digit percentage, but the GPU improvement is huge, D9300 peak at half the power is possible.” In the original post, the tipster claimed to have seen the internal benchmark and power consumption data of the Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset. Based on this, it is said that the Adreno 750 GPU, which is expected to be integrated into the SoC, will get a major boost. The tipster claims that it can show similar GPU performance as MediaTek's Dimensity 9300 chipset at half the power consumption. There is a downside as well. As per the tipster, the CPU performance of the chipset is underwhelming and only shows a single-digit improvement compared to its predecessor. However, the post does not share any benchmark numbers that highlight the upgrade. As such, it would appear that the chipset might focus on GPU efficiency instead of CPU performance. Qualcomm Could Launch Its Flagship Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 Chip on This Date


Samsung Galaxy S25 Series Could Feature This Chipset on All Models


Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 Chipset to Be Unveiled in October However, it should be noted that these are just rumours, and since none of the information has come from official sources, it should be taken with a pinch of salt. The chipmaker has only confirmed that the upcoming flagship mobile platform will use its in-house Oryon CPU and will feature a dedicated neural processing unit (NPU). More information will only be available once Snapdragon officially announces the 8 Gen 4 chipset at its October event. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Rollme R3 Smart Ring With PPG Sensor and 10-Day Battery Life Launched: Specifications, Price" ,  Rollme has launched its Rollme R3 smart ring globally. The smart ring brings health and fitness-centric features such as a PPG sensor for heart rate and blood-oxygen monitoring, and tracking. It also builds upon the features of its predecessor, the Rollme R2 which debuted in March this year. The launch of Rollme R3 comes at a time when there are major players in the market, from technology giants such as Samsung to dedicated health technology companies like Oura and Ultrahuman. Rollme R3 Smart Ring Price Rollme R3 smart ring is listed at $ 179.99 (roughly Rs. 15,000) but is currently available for $89.99 (roughly Rs. 7,500) globally. The smart ring is available in six sizes, ranging from 7 to 12, and in three colourways: black, gold and silver. The smart ring can be purchased on the official brand website. Huawei Band 8 With Up to 14 Days Battery Life Debuts in India: Check Price Rollme R3 Smart Ring Specifications Rollme R3 smart ring has a titanium alloy shell made using the CNC (Computer Numerical Control) technique. Its inner structure comprises hypoallergenic epoxy resin, which claims to offer “irritation-free” wear. The smart ring is rated waterproof for up to 5ATM but is said to be water-resistant for up to 300 metres, according to the company. It is equipped with a PPG (Photoplethysmography) sensor and low-power infrared LEDs which enable automatic measuring of heart rate and blood oxygen. Furthermore, the feature can be further customised to monitor the metrics at set intervals. Through its companion app, it claims to provide users with detailed reports of their health status. It also supports various sports modes, including walking, running and cycling. The app also provides details such as changes in heart rate, exercise time, calories burned and more. The Rollme R3 smart ring also features sleep tracking with three different sleep quality settings: awake, deep sleep and light sleep. The company says users can get insights into their sleep quality via detailed reports in the app. It is also equipped with gesture features which can be used to carry out activities including playing music, taking photos, switching to video and flipping pages. With gesture interaction activated, the smart ring is also claimed to control devices such as smartphones and smart TVs via specific gestures. Samsung's New Smart Ring May Work With Other Android Smartphones Too


Poco Buds X1 TWS India Launch Date, Design, Key Features Revealed Rollme claims its smart ring can last up to 10 days on a single charge. It comes with a standby time of up to 60 days. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Huawei Nova Flip Launch Set for August 5; Teasers Reveal Square Cover Screen, Dual Cameras, More" ,  Huawei just revealed the launch date of its highly anticipated Nova Flip clamshell foldable in China. The Chinese tech brand has posted multiple images and a teaser video giving us a great idea of what to expect when the new foldable phone is unveiled. The Huawei Nova Flip seems to have a small square-shaped external screen and dual rear cameras. It is showcased in four colour options. Alongside the Nova Flip, Huawei is expected to launch new tablets and laptops. Through Weibo, Huawei has disclosed that the Nova Flip will launch at 19:00 (4:30pm IST) on August 5 in China. it is confirmed to ship with HarmonyOS software and would be the first flip phone in the Nova series. Huawei Nova Flip design teased In a teaser video and images posted on the Chinese microblogging platform, Huawei revealed the first look of the Nova Flip smartphone. The teaser video showcases the green colour variant of the flip-style foldable with a flat display and slim bezels. The foldable sports a square external screen, marking a departure from the circular design seen on the Pocket series smartphones. The handset is promoted by Jackson Yee member of the Chinese music group TFBoys. Huawei Mate 70 Series Specifications Tipped; Said to Offer Improved Camera Huawei Nova Flip is seen with two vertically aligned cameras in the top-left corner of the cover display. The main display has a hole punch cutout to house the front-facing shooter and the power key is likely to function as a fingerprint scanner as well. The SIM slot appears to be located at the bottom. It is confirmed to be available in at least three finishes — black, pink, and white. The handset seems to have a metal frame. In addition to the Nova Flip, Huawei is expected to introduce the MateBook GT 14, MatePad Pro 12.2, and more on August 5. The handset is likely to be priced more affordably compared to Huawei's Pocket series.  Huawei Band 8 With Up to 14 Days Battery Life Debuts in India: Check Price   Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "JioGames Announces Integration With Google's GameSnacks, Brings HTML5 Titles on Android, Jio Set-Top Boxes" ,  JioGames, the gaming platform from Reliance that brings access to instant games across devices, is integrating Google's GameSnacks portfolio of titles into its library. Titles from Google's gaming service will be available on JioGames app and Jio set-top boxes, Reliance announced on Monday. The JioGames app is available on both iOS and Android, JioPhone, Android TV and on Jio set-top box. JioGames adds GameSnacks titles The integration with GameSnacks is initially bringing eight HTML5 titles on JioGames platform, Reliance said in a press release. These games, which include popular titles like Daily Sudoku, Om Nom Run, and Traffic Tom, will begin rolling out to JioGames users. Additionally, new games will be added every week on JioGames's Android app, followed by Jio Set-Top boxes. OnePlus TV Models Gain Support for JioGames Platform on Select Models According to Reliance, GameSnacks titles will be playable for free to all JioGames users and will be accessible via the JioGames app homepage on Android smartphones. Gamesnacks games will also be accessible on JioGames mini apps on MyJio and JioTV. The JioGames app claims to be a one-stop destination for games, game streaming, could gaming, esports tournaments and more. The platform features hundreds of bite-sized games across genres that can be played on smartphones and TV. JioGames also has its own developer program that helps game developers distribute their titles across devices. JioGames service requires an Internet connection to play instant HTML5 games within the app itself. Reliance also plans to launch JioGames+, which will allow players to download the games available on the service, on Android devices soon. GameSnacks is an instant gaming service from Google that features hundreds of bite-sized games across genres. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Nothing Phone 2a Plus Front and Rear Camera Details Confirmed Ahead of July 31 India Launch" ,  Nothing Phone 2a Plus is set to launch in India on July 31. It has been teased to come with improvements over the Nothing Phone 2a, which was introduced in the country in March this year. The company has previously confirmed the chipset and RAM details of the upcoming smartphone. Now, the UK-based OEM has revealed the camera information of the anticipated handset. The social media post has also shared a design teaser for the rear camera unit. Nothing Phone 2a Plus Camera Details The Nothing Phone 2a Plus will be equipped with a dual rear camera unit which will include two 50-megapixel sensors, similar to the base Phone 2a model. However, the front camera will see an upgrade over the vanilla model. While the Phone 2a version carries a 32-megapixel selfie shooter, the upcoming Phone 2a Plus will get a 50-megapixel sensor at the front as well. Triple the fun.An upgraded 50 MP front camera joins two exceptional 50 MP rear sensors for Phone (2a) Plus. pic.twitter.com/oqDqF6h02G— Nothing (@nothing) July 29, 2024 In the X post confirming these camera details, the company has also teased the rear camera unit design of the Nothing Phone 2a Plus. Alongside the placement of the sensors and a Glyph Interface LED unit, it resembles the rear camera module of the base Phone 2a. Nothing Phone 2a Plus Features (Expected) The Nothing Phone 2a Plus is confirmed to be powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 7350 SoC paired with up to 12GB of RAM. Recently, a leak suggested that the phone will be available in RAM and storage configurations of 8GB + 256GB and 12GB + 256GB and in Black and Grey colour options. It may also sport a 6.7-inch 120Hz AMOLED screen and an in-display fingerprint sensor similar to the vanilla Phone 2a. Nothing Phone 2a Plus Confirmed to Run on This MediaTek Chipset


Nothing Phone 2a Plus Specifications Leak Ahead of July 31 Launch Date


Nothing Phone 2a Plus Teased to Come With Improvements Over Phone 2a The recent leak also claimed that the Nothing Phone 2a Plus could support 50W wired fast charging, which is slightly faster than the 45W fast charging support that the Phone 2a currently offers. Like the existing Phone 2a model, the Plus variant may also pack a 5,000mAh battery. 




title = "Analysing WazirX’s Controversial Approach to Mitigating Financial Impact of Wallet Hack" ,  WazirX has been trying to resume services on its platform as it continues to investigate the recent hack of one of its wallets under Liminal Custody's oversight leading to a loss of $230 million (roughly Rs. 1,900 crore). Over the weekend, the exchange published details on a ‘socialised loss strategy' that it has hatched to deal with the financial aftermath of this hack. As part of this plan, the exchange has decided to distribute the impact of this loss ‘equitably' among all of its users – regardless of whether or not their funds were directly impacted by this hack. The development has stirred controversy in India's crypto sector. Explaining its strategy, a blog post by WazirX said, “Users with 100 percent of their tokens in the ‘not stolen' category will receive 55 percent of those tokens back. The remaining 45 percent will be converted to USDT-equivalent tokens and locked.” According to the Mumbai-headquartered exchange, this 55/45 approach should be able to balance the immediate access to a portion of users' assets while the exchange hopes for a future recovery of lost funds. Liminal Denies Being Responsible for WazirX Wallet Hack: Details WazirX has essentially laid out two options before its userbase of 16 million, noted Arjun Vijay, Co-Founder of Giottus crypto exchange. Over the weekend, Vijay called WazirX's plan ‘atrocious', alleging that the exchange is 'blackmailing' its users to either voluntarily lock their funds or they will not be prioritised if recovery was to be made. “There are two options given to customers. Willingly disable their crypto/INR withdrawals and continue with trading and INR deposits or choose the other option where withdrawals will be open, but with daily limit,” Vijay said. “In case there is a recovery of the hacked amount, the people who choose option A will be rewarded with hundred percent of their funds back but people who choose option B will have to compromise with only some percent of the compensation.” WazirX seems to be facing a backlash from India's crypto circle on this strategy. CoinDCX's Sumit Gupta also chimed in with Vijay opposing WazirX's plan, asking the exchange to reconsider its actions. Cardano Blockchain to Get Decentralised Governance Feature: Here’s How One of our customers has received the mail and I am stunned at the atrocious choices that have been offered. Wazirx is asking users to voluntarily lock their funds and blackmailing them if they don't, they will not get first preference in recovery.Wazirx is responsible for… pic.twitter.com/EGw4M3MFxK— Arjun Vijay (@arjunvijay89) July 27, 2024 Hate to be saying this, but the way @WazirXIndia is handling this entire situation isn't community first and this IMO won't go down well for them. This sadly is also hurting the other ecosystem participants.The first contribution to losses should ALWAYS come from the Company…— Sumit Gupta (CoinDCX) (@smtgpt) July 29, 2024 The exchange has not addressed the feedbacks from industry stakeholders as of now. As per its blog, this strategy is fair and transparent that distributes the impact equitably. The exchange also cited instances where other crypto exchanges like Bitfinex used this strategy to manage a similar situation. Meanwhile, the severity of this case has reportedly caught the attention of the FBI. Over the weekend, FBI reportedly reached out to WazirX seeking details of this hack. As per a statement being circulated on Monday, July 29 by cyber security firm Cyfirma, North Korea's infamous Lazarus Group is confirmed to be responsible for this hack attack. WazirX is yet to confirm Cyfirma's finding. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Airtel Starts Mid-Band Spectrum Re-Farming for Expansion of 5G Network Coverage in India" ,  Bharti Airtel is re-farming the mid-band spectrum of its existing bands, the company announced on Monday. It aims to accommodate the growing need for traffic demand for its 5G network with this move. Consequently, four bands across its mid-band spectrum will be repurposed to support newer technologies catering to the 5G services offered by Airtel. This move comes days after the company, along with Nokia, announced the completion of the 5G non-standalone (NSA) Cloud RAN trial in India. Airtel 5G Network Expansion In a press release, Airtel revealed that its re-farming initiative includes the expansion of 5G services on its 1800, 2100, and 2300 MHz bands. Notably, these bands were previously used for 4G network coverage. Following this move, the company promises faster browsing speeds and improved network coverage indoors to users, with an ever-increasing demand for data. Notably, re-farming is a process which is used to repurpose or reallocate existing network bands to support newer technologies. Telecommunications companies can identify which network spectrums are underutilised or not being used at all and then introduce a process for their transition. Users can then be switched to these bands, while the company keeps on optimising it for data speeds and efficiency. Airtel Unlimited 5G Data Booster Packs Launched: See Price, Validity Randeep Sekhon, Chief Technical Officer at Bharti Airtel said, “As more customers pivot to our 5G services, we have re-farmed our mid band spectrum which was being used for 4G services.” Airtel says it has successfully conducted a pilot for standalone (SA) and non-standalone (NSA) network switches in Rewari, Chennai and Bhubaneswar. While SA 5G networks operate independently of 4G networks, NSA involves the deployment of 5G infrastructure over the existing 4G coverage. This is claimed to enable the company to introduce new services and solutions through open APIs and service-based architecture. As per the company, smartphone OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) can implement the use of both SA and NSA modes, depending on the availability and network speeds. Airtel Hits Back at Alleged Threat Actor, Refutes Claims of Data Breach


Jio Things Unveils Android IoT Technology for Two Wheelers in India Furthermore, Airtel says OEMs can also take advantage of carrier aggregation functionality which combines multiple bands to achieve higher data speeds and better coverage. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Rolls Out Call Casting and Internet Sharing on Android as the First Cross-Device Services" ,  Google has started rolling out Android cross-device services on supported devices. The feature allows a user to switch between devices while using certain apps or performing certain tasks. Cross-device service for Android was first announced by Google in May. However, they were not rolled out at the time. Now, the tech giant is rolling out the service with two features — Call Casting and Internet Sharing. Users will first need to enable cross-device service to access these features. The company has also revealed that more features will be rolled out in the future. Cross-Device Services Rolling Out for Android Users In an Android support page, Google announced the roll out of the cross-device service. When enabled for multiple devices and placed nearby, these devices will be able to detect each other and allow switching of certain tasks. However, for the service to work, the user must have signed into all the devices with the same Google account and the Bluetooth needs to be turned on for both the devices.  Android cross device service  These features are available across Android smartphones or tablets running Android 11 and later. Notably, Google has not made the service available on Android Go devices. The tech giant has also highlighted that when the service is turned on, other devices might be able to see the user's device name and some other information. Further, the previously paired devices will also be able to recognise the user's device. Realme Narzo N61 With IP54 Rating Launched in India: See Price, Offers The two features which are rolling out include Call Casting and Internet Sharing. The former allows users to cast video calls from one device to another with the same Google account. Internet Sharing allows connected devices to share access of Internet. It will allow Android devices to connect to the primary device with instant hotspot. Oppo K12x 5G With MIL-STD-810H Rating Debuts in India: See Price, Offers


WhatsApp May Allow Users to React to Messages by Double-Tapping Them However, the Internet Sharing feature will not be available on Samsung devices. Users with Samsung's smartphones and tablets can instead use the Auto Hotspot feature for the same effect. How to Turn On Cross-Device Service Go to Settings on your Android device. Tap on Google. Go to Devices & sharing. Tap on Cross-device services. Turn on Cross device services using the toggle button next to it. Turn on Bluetooth. That's it. You should be able to search for and connect with other devices with the same Google account. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Vivo V40, Vivo V40 Pro India Launch Date Set for August 7: Expected Price, Specifications" ,  Vivo V40 series India launch date has been set for August first week, the Chinese company confirmed on Monday (July 29) through its official social media channels. Vivo has also started sending out media invites for the launch. The new Vivo V series phones will come with upgrades over the Vivo V30 lineup. The Vivo V40 and Vivo V40 Pro are already teased to feature Zeiss-branded cameras and an IP68-rated build. They will be launched in multiple colour options and pack a 5,500mAh battery. Through its X handle, Vivo India announced that the Vivo V40 and Vivo V40 Pro will be unveiled on August 7. As per the post, the launch event will begin at 12pm. The poster shared by Vivo shows that they will come with Zeiss-branded cameras. A dedicated microsite on the Vivo India website is teasing the launch of the Vivo V40 series. Interested customers can click on the “Notify Me” button on the website to get the latest updates. Vivo Y18i With Unisoc T612 SoC Goes Official in India: Check Price Vivo V40 series specifications The Vivo V40 is teased to be available in Ganges Blue and Titanium Grey shades. The Pro model will be offered in an additional Lotus Purple colourway. They are confirmed to have an IP68-rated build for water and dust resistance. They will get 50-megapixel front cameras. On the rear, the Vivo V40 Pro will sport a triple rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel Sony IMX921 main sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support alongside a 50-megapixel Sony IMX816 telephoto shooter with up to 2x optical zoom, and a 50-megapixel ultra-wide camera. The Vivo V40 and V40 Pro are claimed to be the slimmest (7.58mm in thickness) smartphones with a 5,500mAh battery. Vivo V40 SE 4G With 50-Megapixel Main Camera Launched: See Price Vivo V40 series price in India (expected) Price details of Vivo V40 and Vivo V40 Pro are yet to be officially announced, though it is believed to be priced between Rs. 30,000 and Rs. 40,000 in India. The vanilla model is already available in select global markets for EUR 599 (roughly Rs. 54,000). The Vivo V30 Pro and Vivo V30 were launched with a price tag of Rs. 41,999 and Rs. 33,999, respectively.    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme Narzo N61 With 5,000mAh Battery, IP54 Rating Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Realme Narzo N61 was unveiled in India on Monday. The smartphone is equipped with a 32-megapixel dual rear camera unit and an IP54-rated build for dust and splash resistance. It is powered by an octa-core Unisoc chipset paired with up to 6GB RAM. The handset comes with ArmorShell Protection and TÜV Rheinland High-Reliability certification. It is claimed to offer lag-free performance even after 48 months or four years of use. The phone will go on sale in India in August in two RAM and storage configurations. Realme Narzo N61 Price in India, Availability The Realme Narzo N61 starts in India at Rs. 7,499 for the 4GB + 64GB, while the 6GB + 128GB variant is priced at Rs. 8,499. During the first sale of the handset, starting at 12pm IST on August 6, the company will offer buyers a Rs. 500 coupon discount. It will be available for purchase in the country via Amazon and the Realme India website. The handset is offered in Marble Black and Voyage Blue colour options. Realme Narzo N61 Specifications, Features The Realme Narzo N61 sports a 6.74-inch HD+ (1,600 x 720 pixels) LCD screen with a 90Hz refresh rate, up to 180Hz touch sampling rate, and up to 560nits peak brightness level. The handset comes with ArmorShell Protection and TÜV Rheinland High-Reliability certification. The display also comes with Rainwater Smart Touch technology that makes it possible to use the phone with wet hands. Realme 13 5G Spotted on Multiple Certification Websites; May  Launch Soon It is powered by a Unisoc T612 SoC paired with up to 6GB of RAM and up to 128GB of onboard storage. The RAM can be virtually increased to up to an additional 6GB to up to 12GB. The phone also supports storage expansion via a microSD card of up to 2TB. It ships with Android 14-based Realme UI 4.0. For optics, the Realme Narzo N61 is equipped with a dual rear camera unit led by a 32-megapixel primary sensor alongside an unspecified secondary sensor. Meanwhile, the front camera carries a 5-megapixel sensor. The handset also comes with the collapsible Mini Capsule 2.0 feature which shows users comprehensive notifications and alerts. Realme 13 Pro+ Camera AI Features Tested: Impressive


Realme 13 Pro 5G Specifications Tipped Again Courtesy of TENAA Listing The Realme Narzo N61 is backed by a 5,000mAh battery which is claimed to offer voice call time of up to 30 hours. The smartphone supports dual 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and USB Type-C connectivity. It also comes with an IP54 rating for dust and splash resistance. The handset measures 67.26 x 76.67 x 7.84mm in size and weighs 187g.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Astro Bot Gameplay Footage Surfaces Online Ahead of September 6 Launch" ,  Astro Bot, the upcoming sequel to Astro's Playroom, was announced at Sony's State of Play showcase in May. Now, gameplay from the PlayStation exclusive has seemingly leaked. Over eight minutes of gameplay footage from the 3D platformer has surfaced, showing multiple levels, enemy encounters and traversal mechanics. The gameplay footage is reportedly the same as the demo showcase presented at Summer Game Fest in June. Astro Bot is set to release September 6 exclusively on PS5. Astro Bot gameplay As spotted by VGC, the off-screen footage of Astro Bot gameplay was captured by A9VG at the ongoing ChinaJoy digital entertainment expo in Shanghai. The footage, recorded off-screen, shows over eight minutes of gameplay from Astro Bot, detailing platforming mechanics and Astro's abilities in the game. The footage also shows the titular bot taking on a giant octopus boss, in an encounter reminiscent of boss fights from Super Mario Odyssey, and Astro travelling to different levels in a galaxy on an aircraft. From Astro Bot to Silent Hill 2: The Biggest Announcements From State of Play Astro Bot is a sequel to Astro's Playroom, the free-to-play platformer that comes pre-installed in every PS5 and serves as a handy demo for the haptic feedback and adaptive trigger features of the DualSense controller. Ther sequel, developed by Team Asobi, will be a space adventure platformer, much more expansive in scope than Astro's Playroom. Astro Bot will let players explore six galaxies and over 80 levels and hunt down Astro's crew. The game will feature diverse environments and all new powers for Astro to help him take down a new roster of enemies and giant bosses. Astro Bot will also come with DualSense controller features for a more immersive experience. A PS5-exclusive, Astro Bot is set to launch September 6, with pre-orders for the game now live. The Astro's Playroom sequel will not be free-to-play, and the Standard Edition of the title will cost Rs. 3,999. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Photos for Android Testing an Easier Way to Hide Faces from Memories: Report" ,  Google Photos – the media manager on Android devices – may be developing new functionality which makes hiding certain people from the photo library a lot easier, according to a report. With this feature, users may be able to choose select faces and hide them from the Memories tab without too much workaround. It was reportedly spotted during an APK teardown of the app for the Android platform. Notably, the app was recently spotted testing another new feature which may enable users to share their weekly highlights. Hide People in Google Photos In a report, Android Authority's C. Scott Brown, collaborating with tipster Assemble Debug, revealed that Google is testing a new feature dubbed Hide face from memories. It was reportedly spotted following an APK teardown of the Google Photos for Android app.  Option to Hide Faces in Google PhotosPhoto Credit: Android Authority/C. Scott Brown As the name suggests, the feature is speculated to allow users to select certain faces and then hide images and videos which feature them from the Memories tab. Alternatively, they may choose to hide the faces from their entire photo library on their Android smartphones. While this functionality was already present in the previous versions of Google Photos, the reported under-development feature could make the process more streamlined. The report suggests users may be able to hide people from their memories tab by navigating to any photo and then swiping up to reveal its metadata. Next, they may tap on the three-dot menu which reportedly appears alongside the face in the People section. Then, simply select the Hide face from memories option. Users can choose to either see that particular face less frequently or hide it entirely from their image gallery. Google Pixel 9 Series Might Let You Record and Transcribe Your Calls


Gemini Might Soon Let You Edit Your AI-Generated Images on Android


Google Maps Now Tells You Which Flyover to Take, Where to Charge Your EV The report further suggests that there is no information regarding the timeline of its rollout. Features discovered during APK teardowns are usually only for testing purposes and it may take some time for the company to roll them out to the public version of the Google Photos app for Android smartphones. There is also a possibility that these features may just be experimental and will not be brought to the app at all. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Redmi Pad Pro 5G and Redmi Pad SE 4G Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Redmi Pad Pro 5G and Redmi Pad SE 4G were launched in India on Monday (July 29). Xiaomi's latest tablets in India are the first by the brand to get both Wi-Fi and cellular connectivity. The Pad Pro is equipped with the Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 chipset while the Pad SE 4G is powered by the MediaTek Helio G85 SoC. Both devices will run on Android 14-based Xiaomi HyperOS. The Redmi Pad Pro model will be available in both only Wi-Fi as well as Wi-Fi and cellular variants. Redmi Pad Pro 5G, Pad SE 4G Price and Availability The Redmi Pad Pro 5G is available in Wi-Fi only and Wi-Fi + cellular variants. The Wi-Fi-only Redmi Pad Pro gets a single 6GB RAM and 128GB variant that's priced at Rs. 21,999. It. The Wi-Fi + cellular Redmi Pad Pro 5G starts at Rs. 24,999 for the 8GB RAM and 128GB inbuilt storage variant. The 8GB RAM and 256GB inbuilt storage variant can be purchased for Rs. 26,999. The Wi-Fi-only variant is available in Graphite Grey and Mist Blue colourways, while the Wi-Fi + cellular variant is available in the Graphite Grey and Quick Silver colour options. On the other hand, the Redmi Pad SE 4G starts at Rs. 10,999 for the 4GB RAM and 64GB storage variant, whereas the 4GB RAM and 128GB storage variant can be purchased for Rs. 11,999. The tablet is available in Forest Green, Ocean Blue, and Urban Grey colour options. The Redmi Pad Pro 5G also comes with introductory offers. Consumers can get a discount of Rs. 2,000 on both models upon using ICICI and HDFC bank credit cards. The same offer is also available by using the specified bank's debit and credit cards via easy monthly instalments (EMI). Both tablet models will go on sale starting August 2, 12pm on the brand's website, retail stores, and all major e-commerce platforms. Redmi Pad Pro 5G Specifications and Features Redmi Pad Pro 5G has 280.0 x 181.85 x 7.52mm dimensions and weighs 571g. It features a 12.1-inch LCD screen with a 2.5K (2560 x 1600 pixels) resolution, a 120Hz refresh rate, and a 600nits peak brightness. The tablet is equipped with the Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 chipset paired with up to 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM and up to 256GB of UFS 2.2 inbuilt storage. Coming to optics, the Redmi Pad Pro 5G sports a single 8-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel front-facing camera. The device is backed by a 10,000mAh battery with support for 33W wired fast charging. For connectivity, the cellular variant gets a dual SIM slot where the second space acts as a hybrid slot and can double as a MicroSD card reader. It also supports Wi-Fi 6, 5 and 4 in both 2.4GHz and 5GHz bandwidth. It also comes with Bluetooth 5.2 and a USB Type-C support. Redmi Pad SE 4G Specifications and Features The Redmi Pad SE 4G has 211.58 x 125.48 x 8.8mm dimensions and weighs 370g. It features an 8.7-inch LCD screen with 1340 x 800 pixels resolution, a 90Hz refresh rate, and 600nits of peak brightness. The tablet is equipped with the MediaTek Helio G85 chipset paired with 4GB of LPDDR4x RAM and up to 128GB of eMMC 5.1 Storage. For optics, it sports a single 8-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. The tablet is backed by a 6650mAh battery with 10W wired charging support. Coming to connectivity, it has a dual SIM card slot and a dedicated MicroSD card slot. It also supports dual-band Wi-Fi 5, Bluetooth 5.3, and USB Type-C connectivity. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Huawei Band 8 With 1.47-Inch AMOLED Screen, Up to 14 Days Battery Life Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Huawei Band 8 has been quietly introduced in India. The company has listed the smart fitness tracker on a leading e-commerce platform. The smart wearable is offered in the country in two colourways. The watch supports an Always-On-Display (AOD) feature and has 5 ATM water resistance. It can also offer a battery life of up to 14 days. The smart band sports a 1.47-inch rectangular touch-supported AMOLED screen and is equipped with sleep, stress, blood oxygen level, and heart rate trackers. Huawei Band 8 price in India, availability The Huawei Band 8 is currently available for purchase in India at a special price of Rs. 4,699 via Flipkart. It is offered in two colour options — Midnight Black and Sakura Pink. Huawei Band 8 features, specifications The Huawei Band 8 sports a 1.47-inch rectangular touch-supported AMOLED screen with 194 x 368 pixels resolution and 282ppi pixel density. The watch case, which has a button on the right edge, is made of durable polymer materials, while the strap is made from silicone or TPU. It is compatible with both Android and iOS smartphones. The smart fitness tracker supports Bluetooth 5.0 connectivity. Huawei Tri-Fold Smartphone With 10-Inch Screen May Launch Soon Huawei's Band 8 is equipped with an accelerometer, gyroscope, and an optical heart rate sensor. The smartwatch also supports the company's in-house TrueSleep technology that helps users monitor their sleep cycle. It also offers SpO2 (blood oxygen level) and stress monitoring. Huawei Mate 70 Series Specifications Tipped; Said to Offer Improved Camera


Huawei MatePad SE 11 With 7,700mAh Battery, 11-inch Display Debuts The Huawei Band 8 is claimed to offer up to 14 days of battery life with typical usage, and 9 days with heavy usage. With the Always-On-Display (AOD) feature enabled, the battery can last for up to three days. The watch has a magnetic charging port and comes with 5 ATM water resistance.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo K12x 5G With 5,100mAh Battery, MIL-STD-810H Rating Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Oppo K12x 5G was launched in India on Monday. The handset is powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset paired with up to 8GB of RAM. The phone is claimed to be the first in its segment to come with a military-grade MIL-STD-810H certification which suggests that it has a 360-degree damage-proof armour body. It also supports Splash Touch technology that supports using the phone with wet hands. The handset also sports an IP54-rated and a 7.68mm slim build. Oppo K12x 5G Price in India, Offers, Availability The Oppo K12x 5G starts in India at Rs. 12,999 for the 6GB + 128GB option, while the 8GB + 256GB variant is priced at Rs. 15,999. The phone will be available for purchase starting August 2 via Flipkart and the Oppo India e-store. Oppo will offer buyers a Rs. 1,000 instant discount on transactions via select banks and a no-cost EMI option for up to three months. These offers will be valid only on August 2. The handset comes in two colour options — Breeze Blue and Midnight Violet. Oppo A3X 5G Design, Key Features Listed on China Telecom Site Oppo K12x 5G Specifications, Features The Oppo K12x 5G sports a 6.67-inch HD+ (1,604 x 720 pixels) LCD screen with a 120Hz refresh rate, up to 1,000nits peak brightness level and dual-reinforced Panda Glass protection. It also supports Splash Touch technology, which is claimed to let users operate the phone even with wet hands. The phone is powered by a 6nm MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset paired with up to 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM and up to 256GB of UFS 2.2 onboard storage. It ships with Android 14-based ColorOS 14. For optics, the Oppo K12x 5G is equipped with a dual rear camera unit which includes a 32-megapixel primary sensor and a 2-megapixel sensor. The front camera has an 8-megapixel sensor. The handset also comes with a MIL-STD-810H certification and an IP54-rated build for dust and splash resistance. Oppo Reno 12 Pro Review: Stylish Performer Packed with Useful AI Features


Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G Goes on Sale in India: Check Price, Launch Offers Oppo has packed a 5,100mAh battery into the Oppo K12x 5G with support for 45W SuperVOOC charging. The phone also supports 5G, dual 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.1, GPS, GLONASS and USB Type-C connectivity as well as a 3.5mm audio jack. For security, it carries a side-mounted fingerprint sensor. The handset measures 76.14 x 165.79 x 7.68mm in size and weighs 186g.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition With Dual-Tone Panda Design Launched in India: Specifications, Price" ,  Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition was launched in India today (July 29). The smartphone boasts the same specifications as the variant that debuted in the country on June 12 but comes in a new dual-tone texture scheme dubbed Panda Design. As per the company, it comprises black mirror glass and vegan leather, resulting in three new colourways, including one very similar in appearance to Xiaomi's first-ever electric vehicle (EV) – the Xiaomi SU7. In addition to the Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition, the company also launched Redmi Pad Pro and Redmi Pad SE in India. Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition Price in India Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition is priced in India at Rs. 48,999. The smartphone is available in a single storage configuration: 12GB RAM+512GB storage. ICICI Bank card holders can avail of a Rs. 3,000 instant discount on the handset. Alternatively, buyers can also opt for an exchange bonus of Rs. 3,000 while trading in their device for the Xiaomi 14 Civi. This takes down the price of the smartphone to Rs. 45,000. Xiaomi Mix Flip May Cost More Than the Galaxy Z Flip 6 in Global Markets It has been introduced in three new colourways: Aqua Blue, Hot Pink, and Panda White. The smartphone will be available for purchase starting today at 2 pm IST on the brand website, Xiaomi Retail and Flipkart. Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition Specifications Xiaomi 14 Civi comes with a 6.55-inch 1.5K AMOLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate. It boasts support for HDR10+ and Dolby Vision, while also being equipped with up to 3,000 nits of peak brightness. The screen features Gorilla Glass Victus 2 protection. The smartphone is powered by the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 processor which is paired with 12GB of LPDDR5 RAM and up to 512GB of UFS 4.0 storage. It runs on HyperOS based on Android 14. For better network coverage, it comes with an in-house T1 signal enhancement chip. Xiaomi says its smartphone is equipped with an IceLoop cooling system which can provide up to three times better thermal efficiency compared to traditional vapour cooling systems. Xiaomi 14T Pro Specifications May Have Been Leaked via Geekbench Listing In terms of optics, the Xiaomi 14 Civi gets a triple rear camera unit with a Summilux lens, co-engineered by Leica. It comprises a 50-megapixel Light Fusion 800 image sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS), a 50-megapixel telephoto camera with 2x zoom, and a 12-megapixel ultra-wide angle shooter. For selfies, the handset gets two 32-megapixel cameras on the front. Nothing Phone 2a Plus Specifications Leak Ahead of July 31 Launch Date Backing the Xiaomi 14 Civi is a 4,700mAh battery with support for 67W wired fast charging. The smartphone's connectivity and navigational features include 5G, Wi-Fi 6, NFC, Bluetooth 5.4, GPS, Galileo, GLONASS, Beidou, NFC, and a USB Type-C port. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "WhatsApp for Android Reportedly Testing Message Reactions via Double Tap Feature" ,  WhatsApp for Android may be testing a new gesture feature which will let users react to messages faster, according to claims by a feature tracker. This feature is speculated to allow quick reactions to messages by simply double-tapping them, which may bring up a default emoji. It builds upon the introduction of a previously reported in-development feature that may enable users to quickly react to received media, such as photos and videos from the media viewer screen itself. WhatsApp Message Reactions According to WhatsApp beta tracker WABetaInfo, the feature for quickly reacting to messages was spotted in WhatsApp for Android beta app version 2.24.16.7. Following its rollout, users may be able to quickly react to messages by double-tapping them. The feature tracker suggests a default ‘heart emoji' appears when reacting to messages, similar to the functionality in other Meta Platforms' apps including Instagram and Facebook.  Quick Message Reactions on WhatsAppPhoto Credit: WABetaInfo It is speculated to make the process of reacting to messages quicker. Instead of having to tap and hold onto a message to select the ‘heart' emoji, users can simply double-tap to achieve the same objective. The feature tracker claims that the double-tap message reaction option is only available to beta testers as it is still in development. Thus, those who are on the latest version of WhatsApp for Android beta via the Google Play Beta program may only be able to access it. Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to verify its availability on WhatsApp for the Android beta app. Other Features In addition to quick reactions to messages, WhatsApp is also reported to be developing several other features, including live transcription of voice messages and real-time translation of messages. Furthermore, the instant messaging platform's artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot, dubbed Meta AI is also getting more functionalities, such as expanded language support, Imagine Edit, and Imagine Me. WhatsApp Could Introduce an AirDrop-Like File Sharing Feature on iPhone


Meta AI Can Now Generate Images of You in Different Styles and Settings


WhatApp May Let Users Pick Unique Usernames via Its Web Client Additionally, it is also introducing the ability to try out the Llama 3.1 405B – the company's latest AI model. Meta says this AI model is better equipped for handling complex queries and advanced math problem solutions. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Crypto Price Today: Bitcoin Surges Past $69,000 on Global Exchanges; Altcoins Exhibit Mixed Performance" ,  On Monday, July 29, Bitcoin reflected a profit of 3.16 percent to trade at the price point of $69,535 (roughly Rs. 58 lakh) on international exchanges like CoinMarketCap. On national exchanges like CoinSwitch, meanwhile, Bitcoin recorded a profit of over three percent to trade at the price point of $72,680 (roughly Rs. 60 lakh). The overall crypto market is seeing recovery in prices after going through a period of correction in recent days. “Bitcoin is currently riding a wave of positive momentum spurred by former President Trump's announcement to establish Bitcoin as a US strategic asset at Bitcoin 2024 in Nashville. This development has not only boosted Bitcoin's supply dynamics but also highlighted its potential role in the global financial landscape,” Shivam Thakral, CEO of BuyUcoin told Gadgets360. Ether joined Bitcoin on the profit-making side of the crypto chart. With a gain of nearly two percent, ETH is presently trading at $2,986 (roughly Rs. 2.5 lakh). Liminal Denies Being Responsible for WazirX Wallet Hack: Details “Compared to other altcoins, Ethereum has been trading flat after experiencing net outflows from its spot ETF funds for three consecutive days (July 24-26) last week,” Vikram Subburaj, CEO, Giottus told Gadgets360. Solana, Dogecoin, Avalanche, Polkadot, Chainlink, and Near Protocol also recorded profits alongside BTC and ETH. Leo, Polygon, Cosmos, Cronos, Bitcoin SV, and ZCash also showed gains. Why Ferrari is Expanding Support for Crypto Payments to Europe “The global cryptocurrency market is reflecting this enthusiasm, boasting a market cap of $2.47 trillion (roughly Rs. 2,06,81,927 crore). This surge in interest highlights the growing confidence among investors and the broader crypto community,” Shivam Thakral, CEO of BuyUcoin told Gadgets360. As per CoinMarketCap, the crypto market cap rose by 3.23 percent in the last 24 hours. The dominance of BTC and ETH on the market, as of now, stands at 55.5 percent and 16.3 percent respectively. Cryptocurrencies that logged losses on Monday, meanwhile, include Tether, Ripple, Cardano, Tron, Shiba Inu, Bitcoin Cash, and Litecoin. Stellar, Cartesi, and Braintrust also registered minor losses. In other news, US Senator Cynthia Lummis introduced a proposal for the US government to purchase one million Bitcoin as a strategy to help reduce the national debt. Lummis contends that Bitcoin's long-term potential as an appreciating asset could provide a substantial financial advantage to the country over time. Meanwhile, Michael Saylor, co-founder of MicroStrategy has also predicted good growth for BTC over the coming years – an observation that has contributed to the present ongoing bull run for BTC. “Saylor forecasts that Bitcoin will account for seven percent of global wealth, with the potential to reach a value of $13 million (roughly Rs. 108 crore) per coin within the next 21 years. He attributes this anticipated growth to Bitcoin's inherent scarcity and its increasing adoption as a preferred store of value,” the CoinSwitch markets desk told Gadgets360. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel 9 Series Tipped to Arrive With an AI Call Notes Feature and Redesigned Panorama Mode" ,  Google Pixel 9 series is expected to be launched at the tech giant's upcoming event on August 13. The series is rumoured to comprise the Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro XL, and Pixel 9 Pro Fold models. Ahead of the launch, a new leak has claimed that the smartphones might arrive with a new artificial intelligence (AI) feature dubbed AI Call Notes. The feature is said to record and transcribe calls and show a text summary of it. Google Pixel 9 Series Might Get an AI Call Notes Feature Tipster and software engineer Dylan Roussel claimed in a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), that the upcoming Pixel 9 series could get an AI Call Notes feature. While the tipster did not reveal much about the feature, he highlighted that it will be able to record and transcribe calls. Last year, Google added a feature dubbed AI Summarise feature for the Recorder app with the Pixel 8 series. The feature uses the Gemini Nano AI model to process audio files and share a text transcription of them. If the AI Call Notes is indeed arriving on the Pixel 9 series, it might use a similar technology for it. Google Pixel 9 Series Could Get Brighter Displays Courtesy of Samsung However, no details were shared about the feature such as the AI model that will be used for the processing and text generation, whether the text generation will be live or if it will take a few minutes after the user hangs up the call, and whether the person on the other end will be notified about the call being recorded and transcribed. Notably, the tipster also claimed that the Panorama mode in the camera will also get a redesign. Pixel 9 Pro Fold’s Display Is Getting a Major Overhaul: Report


Google Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro XL Renders Leak Again; Suggests Colours A previous report claimed that the base model of the Pixel 9 could feature a 6.3-inch display, whereas the Pixel 9 Pro and the 9 Pro XL might get a 6.3-inch and 6.8-inch display. The Pixel 9 Pro Fold is rumoured to sport a 6.3-inch display on the cover screen and an 8-inch display on the main screen. All the smartphones could be equipped with the Tensor G4 chipset. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Video Games Face Delay After Actors Go on Strike Over AI Use, but GTA 6 Reportedly Won't Be Impacted" ,  Video game workers who are members of the SAG-AFTRA union have been on strike since July 26 over the use of artificial intelligence in the industry. The actors and major video game companies failed to come to an agreement over protections around AI use in game development. Following the strike, several video games currently in development face the possibility of delay. Rockstar Games' Grand Theft Auto 6 was earlier believed to be one such game that could be affected by the video game actors' strike. A new report, however, has confirmed that the hotly anticipated game won't be impacted by the SAG-AFTRA action. GTA 6 'exempt' from strike According to Kotaku, GTA 6 is one of the several in-development titles exempt from the strike, which will allow actors to continue working on the project. The report received the confirmation from a spokesperson for the video game publishers involved in the negotiations with SAG-AFTRA workers. Rockstar Games parent Take-Two is one of the publishers facing the strike. “I can confirm GTA VI is exempt,” the spokesperson told Kotaku. The spokesperson also confirmed that any game that was already in development before September 2023 would be exempt from the SAG-AFTRA strike. Activision Reportedly Sold AI-Generated Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 Cosmetic GTA 6 is set for release sometime in 2025, but developer Rockstar Games has not yet confirmed a release date. AI use in video game development SAG-AFTRA members who work as actors in video games went on strike against all video game companies signed to the Interactive Media Agreement on July 26. The labour action was initiated after over a year-and-a-half of negotiations between the two parties failed to lead to a deal. According to SAG-AFTRA, video game companies have refused to “plainly affirm, in clear and enforceable language, that they will protect all performers covered by this contract in their AI language.” The video game companies involved in the negotiations and now facing the strike include Activision Productions, Blindlight, Disney Character Voices, Electronic Arts Productions, Formosa Interactive, Insomniac Games, Llama Productions, Take 2 Productions, VoiceWorks Productions, and WB Games. Take-Two CEO 'Highly Confident' of GTA 6 Releasing in Fall 2025: Report The video game industry has seen the growing use of AI tools in video game development. A report last week claimed that generative AI use had led to several job losses in the industry. Call of Duty maker Activision reportedly also made an AI-generated in-game cosmetic available for purchase on its online store. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple Intelligence May Not Be Ready in Time for iOS 18, iPadOS 18 Public Release in September: Report" ,  Apple Intelligence is expected to be a much-awaited addition to the current suite of new features and upgrades that will arrive on iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS Sequoia in fall this year. The Cupertino tech giant promised a ton of useful new features and integrations to be available both at launch and in the months following the above-mentioned updates (said to arrive in September). The AI integrations which are deeply integrated into the software, bring a ton of added features for users that currently own the latest generation of Apple silicon-powered devices. However, it now seems that Apple may have to hold back on releasing Apple Intelligence features entirely for a later date. A report by Bloomberg states that Apple will delay the release of its much-awaited Apple Intelligence AI-integrations in all of its operating systems that were set to arrive with it in some form or the other. Apple made it clear at its WWDC 2024 announcement that not all features would arrive at the launch of iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS Sequoia when these milestone updates would be released for supported devices in September this year. iOS 18, iPadOS 18 Public Beta Released: How to Install, Features, More At the time, Apple clarified that only users with their device language set to US English would be able to use Apple Intelligence. While many features were expected to show up with the above-mentioned updates, Apple also stated that “Some features, software platforms, and additional languages will come over the course of the next year.” without giving out any timeline. The Bloomberg report (which sort of corroborates a previous report on the same) now states that Apple Intelligence isn't expected to be ready in time for the public release of its new software updates expected to hit supported devices this fall. This hints that iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS Sequoia would arrive with everything that was promised at WWDC 2024 sans Apple Intelligence. The author of the report, Mark Gurman states that Apple is planning to introduce its AI features and integrations in the next update (iOS 18.1, iPadOS 18.1) which it plans to bring out by October. This is indeed just a month away from the public release date. The beta software for the features to be released in this consecutive update will reportedly be available this week for developers as a part of the ongoing beta release cycle. Apple Intelligence May Help Create AI Artwork for Apple Music Playlists Gurman even states that many Apple Intelligence-related features would be pushed to the following year as well and that some of these will help sell the next line-up of iPhone 16 devices. Apple's short list of Apple Intelligence supported devices mandates an A17 Pro processor (available only on the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max or an M-series chip for its iPad, Macbook and Mac-computing devices. Even without the new AI-integrations, Apple's latest software updates still have plenty of new features for users. This would include a more customisable and personalised home screen, with new theming options for app icons, a massive update to Control Center, a completely redesigned Photos library, the ability to send messages via satellite connectivity, and plenty more. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "WazirX Wallet Hack: Liminal Denies Responsibility Amid Recent Allegations" ,  The recent hack of a WazirX wallet under Liminal Custody's oversight has resulted in a loss of over $230 million, significantly impacting India's crypto activities. In a statement to Gadgets360, Liminal denied WazirX's allegations that the breach was due to a failure in Liminal's screening system. Over the weekend, Liminal stated that its forensic investigation has found no evidence attributing responsibility for the attack to its systems. Liminal Custody's Statement Liminal, drawing insights from its internal investigations, has emphasized that the sophisticated attack appears to have originated from an external source, rather than from within its systems. “Our initial assessment indicates that Liminal's platform, infrastructure, wallets, and assets remain secure. We reiterate that our platform continues to operate seamlessly and has been processing transfers and withdrawals for all our customers. It securely protects all assets including significant funds that continue to remain held on our infrastructure by the impacted customer (WazirX), as well,” the company spokesperson told Gadgets360. Cardano Blockchain to Get Decentralised Governance Feature: Here’s How “This underscores the crucial need for comprehensive security measures across platforms,” the spokesperson added. WazirX's Allegations Against Liminal In a blog update published last week, WazirX alleged that Liminal could not prevent the withdrawal of funds because its multi-party computation (MPC) wallet and firewall security provision failed to screen non-whitelisted addresses. The Mumbai-headquartered exchange went on to add that the flow of transaction to the hacker's wallet was facilitated through a breach of Liminal's infrastructure. Citing results of its own internal investigation, WazirX has claimed that no malicious malware or compromise was identified on its own systems. Crypto Firms to Participate in Government's Paper on Crypto Policy Stance The situation is unfolding dramatically as WazirX and Liminal find themselves in a standoff, each party disputing the other's claims. WazirX customers, meanwhile, continue to hope for the exchange to restart services on its platform soon as the market is currently under a bull run and the suspension of trading and withdrawal services on WazirX are causing them more financial losses. WazirX partnered with Liminal Custody in January 2023 to manage its wallets. Presently, both parties alongside several members of the crypto community are joining in efforts to try and recover the stolen funds. The trading, withdrawal, and deposit services on WazirX continue to be on hold. While the industry analysts suspect North Korea's infamous Lazarus Group is behind this hack, confirmation on the same remains awaited. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Gemini Chatbot for Android to Reportedly Get an AI-Powered Image Editing Feature" ,  Gemini AI for Android is reportedly getting a new feature allowing users to edit the images generated by the chatbot. A report found evidence for the feature within the Google beta app for Android. Interestingly, the feature is said to allow users to edit images using both text prompts and by highlighting a specific part of the image. While the feature was found in the beta app of Google, it has not been made visible and beta testers might not be able to use it. Gemini to Reportedly Get Image Editing Capability Editing the images generated by an artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot is a difficult proposition at present. In most cases, users just have the option to regenerate the image with improved prompts. However, there is no guarantee the newly generated images will be similar to the ones previously created by the chatbot. Last week, Meta announced image editing capabilities for its chatbot.  Gemini image editing featurePhoto Credit: Android Authority  Now, according to a report by Android Authority, Google may add a similar feature to its in-house chatbot. The publication found evidence of the feature within the Google beta app for Android version 15.29.34.29. Gemini AI users on Android will reportedly get two ways to edit a generated image. The first method is said to use text prompts. Once an image has been generated, users can reportedly write prompts to change specific elements in the image. The publication claims the AI can now differentiate when users want an entirely new image and when users just want the generated image to be slightly different. The second method is said to allow users to highlight a part of the image by circling it. As per the publication, this can also be done by a stylus with smartphones that support it. Once a part has been circled, users can type a prompt about what they want changed about it, and reportedly, Gemini AI will get it done. Gemini AI Will Now Get Faster and More Powerful With Google’s New Update


Gemini AI to Take Centre Stage at Olympics 2024 With New Partnerships


Gemini AI Will Now Perform Certain Actions When the Phone is Locked Notably, the feature is not visible currently and was found during an app teardown. The report speculates Google might have to make some server-side changes before it becomes active. The tech giant, however, has not made any announcement related to the image editing feature. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Microsoft Rolls Out Android Smartphone Visibility in Windows 11 File Explorer for Wireless Browsing" ,  Microsoft is rolling out a new feature for the Windows 11 File Explorer through its Insider Channels, the company announced on July 25. With its introduction, users will now be able to see their Android smartphones in the File Explorer when it is connected wirelessly via the Link to Windows app. This development builds upon a previous server-side feature addition for Android smartphones which lets users ask Copilot, Microsoft's artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot, to send a text message or summarise messages in their handset's inbox. Windows 11 File Explorer Update In a blog post, Microsoft announced that the new feature for Windows 11 File Explorer is available across all Windows Insider channels to users registered as Windows Insiders. By connecting their Android smartphones wirelessly to their PCs via the Link to Windows app, users can browse through their files, folders and media located on their handset from the File Explorer.  Android Smartphone Visibility in Windows 11 File ExplorerPhoto Credit: Microsoft In addition to browsing capabilities, they can open, rename and delete files from their device, while also moving/copying them from their PC to their smartphone or vice versa. However, there are a few prerequisites for using this feature. How to Use It According to Microsoft, the user should: Have a smartphone running on Android 11.0 or higher firmware Have the beta version of the Link to Windows app installed on the phone (version 1.24071 and higher) Be registered on the Windows Insider Program with the PC running on Windows 11 Have opted for any of the four Windows 11 Insider channels Once the aforementioned conditions are fulfilled, users can go to Settings on their PC and then to the Bluetooth & devices tab. Next, they should select the Mobile Devices option and give permission for the PC to access their Android smartphone. A toggle to enable its visibility in File Explorer should then appear. Microsoft Announces Bing Generative Search as Google AI Overviews Rival


Microsoft Issues New Tool to Assist in Recovery of Windows PCs


HP Launches Its First Copilot+ AI PCs With Snapdragon Chipsets in India According to Microsoft, if users cannot see this option, then the feature may have yet to roll out to them. Although it has been introduced, it is still under testing. Thus, users may encounter issues while using this feature. Some known issues include syncing problems, a non-working automatic deletion feature and more. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Poco Buds X1 TWS Earphones to Launch in India on August 1; Design, Key Features Revealed" ,  Poco Buds X1 true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones are set to arrive in India this week. The company has announced the launch date of the audio wearable and teased their design alongside some key features. The promotional banners of the upcoming audio product also hint at its availability details. The anticipated TWS earphones will launch in the country alongside the Poco M6 Plus 5G handset. Notably, the company also recently unveiled the Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition smartphone in India. Poco Buds X1 Launch, Availability, Design, Features The Poco Buds X1 will launch in India on August 1 at 12pm IST, a Poco India post on X confirmed. The promotional banner suggests that the earphones will be available for purchase in the country via Flipkart. Tune out the noise and immerse yourself in rich, high-quality sound with powerful bass and crisp highs for a next-level audio experience with #POCOBudsX1 #EscapeIntoAudio#POCOIndia #POCO #MadeOfMad #Flipkart pic.twitter.com/vlv3vBHZLI— POCO India (@IndiaPOCO) July 27, 2024 Poco Buds X1 earphones appear in a white colourway with an in-ear design and silicone tips. The earphones are confirmed to sport 12.4mm dynamic titanium drivers and support up to 40dB hybrid active noise cancellation (ANC). They are teased to feature a quad mic system with AI-backed environmental noise cancellation (ENC) support. Poco M6 Plus 5G Price in India, Features (Expected) The Poco Buds X1 will be launched alongside the Poco M6 Plus 5G, which is set to be available via Flipkart. However, the phone was also recently listed on Amazon in a Graphite Black shade. The listing suggested that the 8GB + 128GB configuration of the handset will be priced at Rs. 14,999. Poco M6 Plus 5G With 108-Megapixel Camera to Launch in India on This Date


Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition Debuts in India at This Price


Poco M6 5G 64GB Variant Goes on Sale in India on July 20: See Price The Amazon listing also claims that the Poco M6 Plus 5G will be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC and backed by a 5,030mAh battery with 33W fast charging support. It will likely ship with Android 14-based HyperOS, sport a 6.79-inch 120Hz LCD screen and a 16-megapixel selfie shooter. 




title = "Ola Electric to Launch IPO on August 2, Valuation Said to Be at Around $4.4 Billion" ,  SoftBank-backed Ola Electric's IPO will open for retail subscription on Aug. 2, the Indian electric scooter maker said on Saturday, a stock offering that according to two sources will value the company between $4.2 billion to $4.4 billion. The issue, which will open for institutional investors a day earlier on Thursday, will close for retail subscriptions on Aug. 6, the final IPO prospectus filing showed. Ola founder Bhavish Aggarwal will offload 37.9 million shares in the IPO, around 20% lower than estimated in the draft IPO prospectus. Ola's expected valuation is about 18.5% to 22% lower than in its last funding round in September, which was led by Singapore's investment firm Temasek and valued the country's largest e-scooter maker at $5.4 billion. Jio Things Unveils Android IoT Technology for Two Wheelers in India "Some marquee investors are being offered the IPO at the lower end of the $4.2 billion-$4.4 billion valuation," said one of the sources with direct knowledge of IPO planning. Ola is planning the IPO at a lower valuation to ensure higher participation from investors bidding for the IPO shares, the two sources said. Ola Electric's IPO, a first for an Indian EV maker, is also one of India's biggest in a year where the country's equities markets have scaled multiple record highs and also overtaken Hong Kong to become the world's fourth-largest bourse. Elon Musk Initiates Key Change in Robotaxi Design, Delays Unveiling for Now Ola Electric's fresh share issue size of 55 billion rupees ($657 million) for the IPO was left unchanged. © Thomson Reuters 2024 Hyundai Motor Group Said to Be Planning to Launch Hybrid Cars in India


India Must Keep E-Scooter Subsidies to Boost Adoption, Ather CEO Says .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)




title = "Lenovo Xiaoxin Pad Pro 12.7 With Dimensity 8300 SoC Launched Alongside 'Comfort Edition' Variant" ,  Lenovo Xiaoxin Pad Pro 12.7 was launched in China on Saturday. The tablet is equipped with a 12.7-inch display with a 144Hz refresh rate. It is powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 8300 chipset and is available with up to 12GB of RAM and up to 256GB of inbuilt storage. The tablet runs on Android 14 and packs a 10,200mAh battery that can be charged at 45W. It is also available in a 'Comfort Edition' variant that offers a smoother, paper-like texture on the display and low-latency stylus support. Lenovo Xiaoxin Pad Pro 12.7 Price, Availability Lenovo Xiaoxin Pad Pro 12.7 price in China starts at CNY 2,099 (roughly Rs. 24,200) for the base model with 8GB of RAM and 128GB of storage, while the 8GB+256GB and 12GB+256GB variants are priced at CNY 2,199 (roughly Rs. 25,400) and 2,499 (roughly Rs. 28,900), respectively. Meanwhile, the Xiaoxin Pad Pro 12.7 'Comfort Edition' is available in two variants — 8GB+128GB, priced at CNY 2,399 (roughly Rs. 27,700), and 8GB+256GB which costs CNY 2,599 (roughly Rs. 30,000). Lenovo hasn't unveiled a 12GB RAM configuration for this variant. Foxconn in Talks to Assemble Apple iPads in India: Report Both versions of the Lenovo Xiaoxin Pad Pro 12.7 are available for purchase via the company's website and via JD.com. There's no word from the company on whether the tablet will be introduced in markets outside of China. Lenovo Xiaoxin Pad Pro 12.7 Specifications The Lenovo Xiaoxin Pad Pro 12.7 runs on Android 14 with the company's ZUI 16 skin on top. It is powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 8300 chipset paired with up to 256GB of LPDDR5x RAM. The tablet sports a 12.7-inch 2.9K display with a 144Hz refresh rate, Dolby Vision support. The display on the 'Comfort Edition' variant has a paper-like finish and is claimed to be geared at people who want to use to tablet for reading. Redmi Pad SE 4G Renders, Key Features Leaked Again Ahead of India Launch The tablet appears to have a rear camera, but Lenovo has not revealed its specifications on its website or its online store. It comes with support for Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity, and has a USB Type-C port for charging and data transfers. The device is equipped with a quad speaker setup tuned by JBL. Samsung Could Begin Production of the Galaxy Tab S10 Series in August


Samsung Might Be Building a Tablet With an 'Expandable' Display


Lenovo Legion Tab Price in India Revealed; Pre-Orders Live on Flipkart Lenovo has equipped the Xiaoxin Pad Pro 12.7 with a 10,200mAh battery and the tablet offers support for fast charging at 45W. The tablet can also be used with a stylus, but the 'Comfort Edition' features a 9.6ms low latency mode that appears to be aimed at users who want to use the device as a notepad. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Galaxy A06 Design, Key Specifications Leaked; New Support Page Hints at Imminent Launch" ,  Samsung Galaxy A06 is expected to be launched by the South Korean smartphone maker soon, and several details of the upcoming entry-level smartphone have been leaked by a tipster ahead of its anticipated arrival. The Samsung Galaxy A06 could resemble other models launched in the A series earlier this this year, according to these leaked images. A support page for the handset has also been spotted on the company's website, which suggests that it will be launched in India soon. Samsung Galaxy A06 Design (Leaked) Tipster Steve Hemmerstoffer (@OnLeaks) in collaboration with GizNext has leaked the design renders of the Samsung Galaxy A06, giving us an idea of what to expect from the upcoming handset. The mages suggest that the phone will feature a flat display with a waterdrop-style cutout that houses the selfie camera. The display is surrounded by large bezels, and the phone flat edges. The right edge of the Samsung Galaxy A06 houses the power (with an integrated fingerprint scanner) and volume buttons, and these are located on top of the Key Island that is also seen on the Galaxy A55 and Galaxy A35. Meanwhile, the rear panel has a glossy finish, and we can see a vertically aligned dual camera setup, alongside an LED flash.  Samsung Galaxy A06 leaked rendersPhoto Credit: GizNext/ @OnLeaks  Aside from the Samsung logo near the bottom of the rear panel, there's no other visible branding on the handset, in the leaked device renders. There's a 3.5mm headphone jack, a USB Type-C port, and a speaker grille located on the bottom edge of the Galaxy A06. Samsung Galaxy A06 Specifications (Leaked) The successor to the Samsung Galaxy A05 will sport a 6.7-inch LCD screen and will be powered by a MediaTek Helio G85 chipset, as per the details provided by the tipster. The smartphone is said to be equipped with 6GB of RAM, and there's no mention of the inbuilt storage, or other memory variants. While the leaked images suggest the phone will be equipped with a dual rear camera setup, details of the camera sensors are currently unknown. The handset will run on Android 14 and packs a 5,000mAh battery with support for 15W charging, according to the publication. Samsung Could Begin Production of the Galaxy Tab S10 Series in August


Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Watch 7 Series, More Go on Sale in India Today


Samsung to Bring AI Features From the Galaxy Z Flip 6 to These Older Models


Samsung Might Be Building a Tablet With an 'Expandable' Display


Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim Launch Window Tipped Samsung is yet to announce a launch timeline for the Galaxy A06 in India, but MySmartPrice spotted a support page for the handset with the model number SM-A065F on the company's website in India. While it doesn't contain of the leaked specifications mentioned above, it hints at the imminent arrival of the smartphone in the country. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi Mix Flip Price, Launch Date in Global Markets Reportedly Confirmed by Company Executive" ,  Xiaomi Mix Flip was launched in China earlier this month, as the first clamshell-style foldable phone from the smartphone maker, alongside the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 and the Redmi K70 Ultra. The handset is also expected to make its way to global markets, and a company executive has revealed the launch date and retail price of the Xiaomi Mix Flip, according to a report. It is equipped a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset from Qualcomm and sports a 4.01-inch AMOLED outer screen. Xiaomi Mix Flip Price, Launch Date (Expected) The launch of the Xiaomi Mix Flip in Europe was confirmed to Mobile Bulgaria by Xiaomi's country manager for Bulgaria. The report (in Bulgarian) states that the smartphone will go on sale in Eastern Europe after August 15. This suggests that the Xiaomi Mix Flip will be launched in the country in the first half of August. Citing the company executive, the publication states that the Xiaomi Mix Flip will cost BGN 2,600 (roughly Rs. 1,20,800) in Europe. This is considerably higher than the price of the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 in Europe, which starts at EUR 1,200 (roughly Rs. 1,09,300). In China, the base storage of the Mix Flip starts at CNY 5,999 (roughly Rs. 69,300). Xiaomi Mix Flip With 4.01-Inch Cover Screen Launched: Price, Features Xiaomi Mix Flip Specifications Launched in China on July 19, the Xiaomi Mix Flip runs on HyperOS which is based on Android 14. features a 6.86-inch 1.5K (1,224 x 2,912 pixels) flexible AMOLED inner screen with up to 120Hz refresh rate, along with a 4.01-inch 1.5K (1,392 x 1,280 pixels) flexible AMOLED panel as the cover display. It is powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset paired with up to 16GB of RAM. The company's first clamshell-style foldable phone is equipped with a dual outer camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel Light Fusion 800 primary sensor and a 50-megapixel OmniVision OV60A40 sensor paired with a telephoto lens with up to 2x optical zoom capacity. These cameras are tuned by Leica. There's a 32-megapixel OV32B sensor on the front for selfies and video calls. You get up to 1TB of UFS 4.0 of inbuilt storage on the Xiaomi Mix Flip. Connectivity options include 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 6E, Bluetooth 5.4, NFC, GPS, and a USB Type-C port. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Watch 7 Series, More Go on Sale in India Today


Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 Review: Clamshell Phone Goes Bold With AI Flex


Xiaomi Watch S4 Sport, Mi Band 9 Launched Alongside Xiaomi Buds 5 The Xiaomi Mix Flip packs a 4,780mAh battery that can be charged at 67W via the Type-C port. It features a side-mounted fingerprint scanner for biometric authentication. It measures 167.5 x 74.02 x 16.19mm (folded) and weighs 192g, according to the company. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Nothing Phone 2a Plus Specifications Leak Ahead of July 31 Launch Date" ,  Nothing Phone 2a Plus is set to launch in global markets — including India — in the coming days and the UK startup led by former OnePlus CEO and Co-Founder Carl Pei has already revealed some details related to the smartphone ahead of its debut. A new leak has revealed some the key specifications and memory variants of the Nothing Phone 2a Plus, revealing the upgrades it will bring over the standard Phone 2a model that was launched earlier this year. Nothing Phone 2a Plus Specifications (Leaked) The latest leak related to the Nothing Phone 2a Plus specifications comes via Smartprix, and it appears that the upcoming handset will arrive with three notable hardware changes over the standard model. The Nothing Phone 2a Plus will be equipped with a 50-megapixel selfie camera, which — at least on paper — is an upgrade over the 32-megapixel camera on the Nothing Phone 2a, while the 50-megapixel dual rear camera setup will remain unchanged. The publication also claims that the Nothing Phone 2a Plus will arrive with the same 5,000mAh battery, but a slightly faster charging speed. The Nothing Phone 2a can be charged using a 45W charger, but the Plus model will reportedly support slightly faster charging at 50W. Nothing Phone 2a Plus Teased to Come With Improvements Over Phone 2a Meanwhile, the Nothing Phone 2a Plus is expected to arrive with the same 6.7-inch AMOLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate, and under-display fingerprint sensor as the Phone 2a, along with support for features like NFC connectivity. Nothing Phone 2a Plus Launch Set for Later This Month


CMF Phone 1 With Customisable Rear Panel, Dimensity 7300 Launched in India


CMF Buds Pro 2 With Up to 43 Hours Battery Life Launched in India: Price


CMF Watch Pro 2 With Interchangeable Bezels Launched in India: See Price The company has already confirmed that the upcoming Nothing Phone 2a Plus will be powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 7350 chipset, paired with up to 12GB of RAM. It will be available in 8GB + 256GB and 12GB + 256GB RAM and storage configurations in Black and Grey colourways, according to the report. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple to Adopt Voluntary AI Safeguards Established by White House" ,  Apple Inc. is the latest company to agree to a set of voluntary safeguards for artificial intelligence crafted by President Joe Biden's administration as it tries to guide the development of the emerging technology and encourage firms to protect consumers. The administration announced Friday that the technology giant is joining the ranks of OpenAI Inc., Amazon.com Inc., Alphabet Inc., Meta Platforms Inc., Microsoft Corp. and others in committing to test their AI systems for any discriminatory tendencies, security flaws or national security risks. The principles call for companies to transparently share the results of those tests with governments, civil society and academia — and to report any vulnerabilities. Elon Musk’s X Gives Users Chance to Keep Posts From Grok AI Chatbot The pledge comes as Apple is set to incorporate OpenAI's chatbot application, ChatGPT, into its voice-command assistant on iPhones as part of a new suite of AI features — a partnership between a tech powerhouse and one of the most influential artificial intelligence startups. After the announcement of the Apple, OpenAI partnership, Tesla Inc. Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk vowed to ban Apple devices from his companies if OpenAI's artificial intelligence software is integrated at the operating system level. He called it a security risk. Musk has his own AI startup called xAI, with a chatbot named Grok. Artificial intelligence has exploded into the mainstream in recent years, as more people become familiar with the technology and discover everyday uses for it. Its use in law enforcement, hiring and housing, however, have drawn criticism over allegations that the products foster discrimination. OpenAI's AI-Powered Search Engine Is Here to Rival Google, Perplexity Biden has regularly touted the benefits of AI technology while also warning about the potential dangers and seeking to ensure that industry is more responsible for ensuring its products are safe. The White House guidelines, while comprehensive, are not enforceable; leaving the administration to take companies at their word that they will adhere to the standards. A bipartisan group of lawmakers in Congress have expressed desire to regulate AI, but legislation has taken a back-seat to other priorities, leaving Biden to act alone. Biden signed a sweeping executive order last year that required powerful AI systems to submit to testing to be eligible for purchase by the federal government. Microsoft Announces Bing Generative Search as Google AI Overviews Rival He is scheduled to receive an Oval Office briefing on the progress on his staff's implementation of the directive on Friday, according to a White House official. © 2024 Bloomberg L.P. Meta AI on WhatsApp Will Introduce Imagine Edits and Llama 3.1 405B Model .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)




title = "Elon Musk’s X Gives Users Chance to Keep Posts From Grok AI Chatbot" ,  Elon Musk's X has given users a way to prevent their posts and interactions from helping train his artificial intelligence chatbot Grok. Settings for X users default to allow their data to be provided to the chatbot. But, “all X users have the ability to control whether their public posts can be used to train Grok, the AI search assistant,” the company wrote Friday in a post on X. “This setting is available on the web platform and will soon be rolled out on mobile.” The company added that users also can prevent their information from being ingested by the chatbot by making their accounts private. X May Allow Users to Disable Links in Post Replies With New Feature Grok, an AI chatbot currently available to premium subscribers on X, was first released last November as a rival to OpenAI's ChatGPT. The chatbot is part of artificial intelligence startup xAI, which Musk also owns, and has been trained on X data. Musk has been vocal about using data from X to train Grok. The AI chatbot has already been using X posts to summarize news events and answer questions with real-time information. Representatives from X had no further comment. © 2024 Bloomberg LP X May Be Testing a Way for iPhone Users to Dislike Posts on the Platform


X Rival Koo Announces Shutdown After Acquisition Talks Fail


Community Notes Could Come to News and Other Platforms, X CEO Says .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)




title = "Vivo Y18i With Unisoc T612 Chipset, 5,000mAh Battery Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Vivo Y18i has been silently launched in India. The new Vivo Y series smartphone comes in two colour options with a 6.56-inch HD+ display. It has a Unisoc T612 chipset under the hood, coupled with 4GB RAM and 64GB storage. The budget handset flaunts a dual camera setup at the rear, headlined by a 13-megapixel primary shooter. The Vivo Y18i houses a 5,000mAh battery. The Chinese tech brand has not made any official announcement regarding the launch of Vivo Y18i yet but it is currently listed on the company's India website. Vivo Y18i price in India Price of Vivo Y18i is set at Rs. 7,999 for the sole 4GB RAM + 64GB storage model. It is offered in Gem Green and Space Black colour options. It is expected to be available through offline channels. Vivo Y18i specifications The dual SIM (Nano) Vivo Y18i runs on Android 14-based Funtouch OS 14 and features a 6.56-inch HD+ (1,612 × 720 pixels) LCD display with 90Hz refresh rate. It is powered by a Unisoc T612 chipset coupled with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage. The inbuilt RAM can be expanded up to 8GB with unused onboard storage. Vivo Y28s, Vivo Y28e With Dimensity 6100+ 5G SoC Launched in India For optics, the Vivo Y18i has a dual rear camera setup with rear flash. The camera unit comprises a 13-megapixel primary sensor and a 0.08-megapixel secondary sensor. For selfies and video chats, there is a 5-megapixel sensor at the front. It offers 64GB of expandable (via MicroSD card) onboard storage as well. Connectivity options on the Vivo Y18i include Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.1, GPS, BeiDou, GLONASS, Galileo, QZSS, OTG, FM radio, and a USB 2.0 port. Sensors on board include an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, e-compass, and proximity sensor. It has an IP54-rated build for dust and splash resistance. Vivo Y58 5G With 6,000mAh Battery Launched in India at This Price The Vivo Y18i has a 5,000mAh battery. It measures 163.05×75.58×8.39mm and weighs 185 grams.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iPhone 15, iPhone 14 and Other Models in India Get Price Cuts of Up to Rs. 5,900 as Import Duty Reduces" ,  Apple has reduced the price of iPhone 15, iPhone 14 and other models in India following a reduction in the import duties. Consequently, the prices of some of Apple's most popular models have seen a price drop from as little as Rs. 300 to as high as Rs. 6,000. This development comes a week after the government of India announced a decrease in the basic customs duty on smartphones from 20 percent to 15 percent during the Budget 2024. iPhone Price Drop in India iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Plus models have received a small price drop of Rs. 300, with the smartphones now retailing at Rs. 79,600 and Rs. 89,600, respectively for the 128GB storage variant. The same price cut amount is applied to the standard iPhone 14 models too, which now start at Rs. 69,000. The iPhone 13 is the cheapest non-SE iPhone which Apple currently sells in India. Its price has dropped from Rs. 59,900 to Rs. 59,600, also marking a price reduction of Rs. 300. Meanwhile, the iPhone SE (2022) sees its price drop by Rs. 2,300 and is now available for purchase starting at Rs. 47,600. However, it is the iPhone 15 Pro models which have been on the receiving end of significant price drops. Apple has reduced the price of iPhone 15 Pro 128GB from Rs. 1,34,900 to Rs. 1,29,800 – a difference of Rs. 5,100. On the other hand, the iPhone 15 Pro Max, which originally retailed for Rs. 1,59,900, has witnessed a price drop of Rs. 5,900 and can be purchased for Rs. 1,54,000. The official Apple India website now reflects the revised prices. Product MRP Deal Price     iPhone 15 Pro Max Rs. 1,59,900 Rs. 1,54,000   iPhone 15 Pro Rs. 1,34,900 Rs. 1,29,800   iPhone 15 Plus Rs. 89,900 Rs. 89,600   iPhone 15 Rs. 79,900 Rs. 79,600   iPhone 14 Plus Rs. 79,900 Rs. 79,600   iPhone 14 Rs. 69,900 Rs. 69,600   iPhone 13 Rs. 59,900 Rs. 59,600   iPhone SE (2022) Rs. 49,900 Rs. 47,600 This move comes amidst news that global smartphone shipments increased by 6.5 percent in the second quarter of 2024, according to market intelligence firm IDC (International Data Corporation). Despite Apple dethroning Samsung as the best-selling smartphone company in 2023, the South Korean technology conglomerate emerged as the brand with the highest number of devices shipped in Q2 2024, with a market share of 18.9 percent. Apple May Launch 'Made in India' iPhone 16 Pro Models for the First Time


Apple May Launch 2 iPhone Models Powered by Its In-House 5G Modem Next Year


iPhone 17 Slim to Reportedly Come With Single Rear Camera Apple and Xiaomi took the second and third spots with 15.8 percent and 14.8 percent of the total shipments respectively in the second quarter. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Gemini 1.5 Flash AI Model Will Now Power Google’s AI Chatbot on Web and App" ,  Gemini 1.5 Flash artificial intelligence (AI) model will now power the Gemini chatbot, Google announced on Thursday. With this update, the free tier of the AI chatbot on the web and the app will now be powered by the new model. Earlier, the chatbot was powered by the Gemini 1.0 Pro large language model (LLM). The tech giant claims that the new model is faster and more efficient compared to its predecessor. Notably, the update arrived just days after Meta added new capabilities to Meta AI. Gemini 1.5 Flash Features The tech giant announced the rollout of the new AI model in Gemini's release notes. As per the post, the Gemini 1.5 Flash increases the context window of the chatbot from the previous 8,000 tokens to 32,000 tokens. With the upgraded context window, Gemini should be able to handle more complex queries and add more context to its generated responses. First announced by the company during its Google I/O event in May, the Google 1.5 Flash is a lightweight model which was distilled from the Gemini 1.5 Pro. At the time, the company highlighted that the Flash model prioritises speed and reduces the input and output processing costs. Gemini AI to Take Centre Stage at Olympics 2024 With New Partnerships As a result, it will be cheaper for Google to run the new AI model. The tech giant said the new AI model will be made available in 40 languages in 230 countries. It will be available both on the web portal and on the mobile app. Besides performance, Gemini AI will now show additional information on topics within the generated responses. The links used by the AI to fetch the information will also be displayed at the end of a paragraph in a rectangular preview box. Users will be able to see part of the headline of the webpage and the URL in the box. Gemini AI Will Now Perform Certain Actions When the Phone is Locked


Google Vids, the AI Presentation Tool, Is Now Available in Workspace Labs Separately, the tech giant is also rolling out Gemini in Google Messages in the European Economic Area (EEA), the UK, and Switzerland. Select devices will support all the 40 languages that have been added recently with the Gemini 1.5 Flash update. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "New PS5 Beta Brings Custom 3D Audio Profiles, Adaptive Charging for Controllers, Remote Play Settings" ,  Sony announced a new update for PS5 beta participants on Wednesday. The PS5 beta brings support for personalized 3D audio profiles for headphones and earbuds, the ability to limit Remote Play access for individual users and adaptive charging for DualSense controllers for beta users on the latest PS5 slim model. The beta rolled out to eligible users Thursday, with a global release planned for later. The PlayStation parent said users selected to participate in the beta will receive an email invitation Thursday when the update is available to download. The beta update will be accessible to invited participants in the US, Canada, Japan, UK, Germany and France. While Sony plans to release the update globally in the coming months, it said that some features from the beta update could be changed or might not even make it to the final version. The new beta will let eligible users on all PS5 models create a custom 3D audio profile. The PS5 comes with support for 3D audio, and with the new update, players can create personalised audio profiles for supported headphones and earbuds, like Sony's Pulse Elite wireless headset or Pulse Explore wireless earbuds. The feature would allow users to perform various sound quality tests to determine a profile that suits them best. Stellar Blade Review: No Sharp Edges New PS5 beta features “For example, your personalized 3D audio profile may enable you to better sense the positions of characters and objects in a game world more clearly than before, making the experience more immersive,” the PlayStation Blog post announcing the update read. The 3D audio profile feature can be found in the Sound section within PS5 Settings. Beta users can now also adjust Remote Play settings for individual users. The update will allow PS5 users to discontinue Remote Play access for other users signed into their console with their PSN accounts. To access this feature, PS5 users can head to Settings > System > Remote Play > Enable Remote Play, and select the user they want to grant Remote Play access. Finally, the beta is also adding adaptive charging for the DualSense wireless controller, DualSense Edge wireless controller, PlayStation VR2 Sense controllers and Access controller for PS5 slim users. This feature will work when the PS5 is in rest mode, with the controller connected to the console via USB Type-C cable. According to Sony, adaptive charging conserves power by adjusting the length of time the controller continues to charge based on its battery level. Sony Rumoured to Be Working on PS3 Emulation for PS5 This feature can be accessed by going to Settings > System > Power Saving > Features Available in Rest Mode and selecting Supply Power to USB Ports > Adaptive. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Epic Games Says Fortnite Will Return to iOS in EU, But Will Exit Samsung Galaxy Store" ,  Video game company Epic Games said on Thursday its popular title Fortnite will be returning to Apple's iOS systems in the European Union soon, amid a long-winded legal battle with the iPhone maker. Epic Games has been attempting to expand the distribution of its games beyond smartphone companies' official app stores, opposing steep commissions on in-app payments and users being limited to downloading applications through dedicated stores. The company also said its video games will be leaving the Samsung Galaxy Store in protest of the phone maker's decision to block default side-loading - the installation of applications on a mobile device without using its dedicated app store - on Android devices, calling it "anticompetitive". Along the same lines, Epic said its mobile games will come to AltStore on iOS in the EU. AltStore is a third-party store that enables side-loading. Epic will also announce 'support' for at least two other third-party stores, it said. The firm's marketplace, the Epic Games Store, will also be coming to Android worldwide and iOS in the European Union. It did not specify the timeline for the same. Apple had approved Epic Games' marketplace app on iPhones and iPads in Europe earlier in July, after Epic escalated its feud with the technology giant. The iPhone maker also faces intense antitrust scrutiny of its App Store practices with EU competition regulators saying in June that it breaches the rules of the Digital Markets Act. © Thomson Reuters 2024 




title = "Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition has been launched in India. The phone has a unique design inspired by Deadpool and has the Marvel superhero's iconic red and black colour scheme. It features a Deadpool logo on the camera island.  Poco has collaborated with Marvel Studios to launch the Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition in the country. The release of the new handset also marks the theatrical release of the Deadpool and Wolverine movie. The phone runs on Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC and features 50-megapixel dual rear cameras. Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition price in India Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition is set at Rs. 33,999 for the sole 12GB RAM + 256GB storage variant. A special bank offer of Rs. 4,000 will bring down the effective price to Rs. 29,999. It will go on sale through Flipkart starting August 7. To recall, the regular Poco F6 was launched with a price tag of Rs. 29,999 for the base 8GB RAM + 256GB storage variant in May. The 12GB RAM + 256GB and 12GB + 512GB options are priced at Rs. 31,999, and 33,999, respectively. Poco M6 5G 64GB Variant Goes on Sale in India on July 20: See Price Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition specifications As mentioned, the Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition comes painted in Deadpool's trademark red and black colour and it has several Deadpool and Wolverine accents spread across the rear panel. Besides the design, the internals of this special edition phone are similar to the standard version. It  runs on an Android 14-based HyperOS interface and sports a 6.67-inch 1.5K (1,220x2,712 pixels) resolution AMOLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate. It is powered by a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC with 12GB LPPDDR5x RAM. Poco M6 Plus 5G With 108-Megapixel Camera to Launch in India on This Date For optics, the Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition has a dual rear camera unit, comprising a 50-megapixel sensor and an 8-megapixel ultra-wide angle camera. For selfies and video chats, there is a 20-megapixel front camera. It is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for 90W fast charging. It comes with a 120W adapter in the box. 




title = "Apple Supplier Foxconn in Talks to Assemble iPad at Its Tamil Nadu Plant: Report" ,  Apple supplier Foxconn seems to be eyeing to expand its operation in India. The Taiwan-based company is reportedly evaluating plans to assemble iPad in the country. Until now, Foxconn and other contract manufacturers of Apple in India have assembled only iPhone models. The latest iPhone 15 series was assembled in Foxconn's Chennai factory. In recent years Foxconn rapidly expanded its presence in India by investing in manufacturing facilities in the Southern states. Foxconn evaluating plans to assemble iPad in India A report by the Economic Times, citing anonymous sources, states that Foxconn is looking to start assembling iPad units at its Sriperumbudur facility on the outskirts of Chennai in Tamil Nadu. Some rounds of discussions with the government have already reportedly taken place. "Their experience so far has been very good, and they are coming full force. They will double what they have in the next few years, which includes iPhone, iPads and some other products too” the report quotes the source as saying. Production of Apple's flagship tablets is expected to be feasible in India as the capabilities required to produce the tablet are similar to those for smartphone assembly. The assembly of Apple's MacBook range of laptops may take longer due to their smaller production volume. iPhone 16 Lineup to Get New Battery That Could Last Longer: Report Foxconn is also expected to benefit from India's production-linked incentives (PLI) scheme as it increases its investments in India. iPhone 17 Slim to Reportedly Come With Single Rear Camera Apple's plans to widen the portfolio of products assembled in India aligns with the company's efforts to manufacture more devices outside China. Apple shifted a portion of its iPad development to Vietnam last year. It will reportedly start looking for a manufacturing partner in India to make iPad models in the country. The company is also said to be looking to increase production of components for AirPods wireless charging cases through Jabil in India. Pegatron and Tata Electronics are Apple's major suppliers in India. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple Planning to Make iPhone 16 Pro Models in India for the First Time With Launch Day Availability: Report" ,  Apple is planning to manufacture iPhone 16 Pro models in India at launch, according to a report. The ‘Made in India' handsets are reported to be available for purchase on the first day of global sales. For this move to be realised, the iPhone maker is said to be partnering with existing iPhone manufacturers in the country. This development builds upon previous speculation that Apple had aims manufacturing the iPhone batteries in India, and had asked local partners to set up its production. Made in India iPhone 16 Pro Models According to a report by MoneyControl, Apple is planning to branch out its iPhone manufacturing facilities – most of which are largely located in China with Taiwanese partners such as Foxconn, Pegatron, and Wistron. Courtesy of this initiative, the iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max, which are speculated to launch later this year, could become the first ‘Pro' iPhone models made in India. Apple is said to be considering this move to make sure that iPhone 16 Pro models are available in the country after the launch. Citing sources familiar with the matter, the report suggested that Foxconn, which has a manufacturing facility in Tamil Nadu's Sriperumbudur, will kick off the new product introduction (NPI) – a multi-step plan during which a product goes from an ideation stage to final production. The iPhone 16 Pro models will reportedly enter mass production once they are launched. Apple May Launch 2 iPhone Models Powered by Its In-House 5G Modem Next Year The Cupertino-based technology company has been slowly but steadily expanding its manufacturing facilities in the country – a move which started with the first generation iPhone SE in 2017. In subsequent years, the lineup of models has been expanded with iPhone 13 and iPhone 14 standard models being made in India. However, the production of the aforementioned models started months after the products were initially introduced in the market. iPhone 17 Slim to Reportedly Come With Single Rear Camera


Apple Could Turn to Samsung for Camera Sensor for Its iPhone 18 Series Apple changed this with its iPhone 15 and later the iPhone 15 Plus – both of which are manufactured in India. If Apple's latest reported move comes to fruition, it mark the first time that Apple begins production of its ‘Pro' iPhone models outside China. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "WazirX Attributes Wallet Compromise to Liminal, Says Own Signers' Machines Unaffected" ,  Indian crypto exchange WazirX, for the past week, has been invested in probing a hack that drained one of its multi-signature wallets off over $230 million (roughly Rs. 1,924 crore). In its latest update to the community, WazirX has claimed that its own signers' machines were not compromised in this attack, as shown by its internal investigation. The exchange has alleged that Liminal's infrastructure was used by hackers to facilitate this hack attack. Updates on WazirX's Internal Probe WazirX updated its official blog post on July 25, claiming that Liminal's multi-party computation (MPC) wallet failed to screen non-whitelisted addresses and prevent withdrawals. In the backdrop, the exchange added that its internal probe could not identify any evidence pointing at a compromise from its end. “The attack involved the flow of transactions through Liminal infrastructure. The malicious transaction was not sent to any of the destination addresses in the whitelisted addresses, which should have been prevented by Liminal's firewall and whitelist policy,” the blog by WazirX noted. Crypto Firms to Participate in Government's Paper on Crypto Policy Stance The Mumbai-headquartered exchange went on to clarify that the execution of transactions over Liminal are out of its server ecosystem. The exchange also denied social media claims that it signed any suspicious transactions eight days before the hack, which might have set the stage for the attack. As part of its preliminary investigation, WazirX has not been able to find any malicious malware on its systems. The exchange now awaits a detailed forensic analysis from Liminal's end. Gadgets360 has reached out to Liminal for their response to WazirX's alleged claims. How the Crypto Sector in India Reacted to the Union Budget 2024 WazirX partnered with Liminal Custody in January 2023 to manage its wallets. A day after the hack, Liminal published a blog claiming that its platform was not breached. “In light of the recent incident, where WazirX's Gnosis SAFE smart contract wallet was drained, it is pertinent to note that Liminal's infrastructure is not breached and all wallets on Liminal's infrastructure, including WazirX's other Gnosis SAFE wallets deployed entirely from within Liminal's platform continue to remain safe & secure,” the company had said. Aftermath of WazirX's Wallet Hack Following the hack, WazirX has paused all trading, deposit, and withdrawal services from its platform. The exchange says it is working with law enforcement agencies to get to the bottom of the attack. Seeking help from third party hackers, the exchange also launched a bounty programme. As part of this initiative, WazirX has offered $23 million (roughly Rs. 192 crore) in White Hat Bounty to the hacker for returning the stolen funds. In addition, the exchange is also offering USDT worth $10,000 (roughly Rs. 8.3 lakh) to those who can help identify the stolen funds and freezing them. Indian Web3 analysts suspect that North Korea's infamous Lazarus Group could be responsible for facilitating this rather sophisticated attack. Confirmation on the doubts, however, remain awaited for now. The hacker stole the amount through a total of 203 crypto assets, including Ether, Tether, Pepecoin, Gala, Polygon, and Shiba Inu among others, the exchange has confirmed to Gadgets360. WazirX is also reaching out to the teams managing these cryptocurrencies asking for assistance in tracing the funds. As of now, the government including the Finance Ministry has continued to maintain a stark silence on this hack, which put funds worth over $230 million (roughly Rs. 1,924 crore) in jeopardy. Now that its investigation has suggested that the breach may have been initiated via a compromise at Liminal's end, WazirX has sounded an alert to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) -- that also trusts Liminal to hold crypto assets seized during investigations. “The malicious transaction which got signed, upgraded the contract to transfer the control to the attacker. We have representations from Liminal that their interface does not allow initiating contract upgrade from its interface,” WazirX said “It is pertinent to state here that the CBI has entrusted Liminal with the secured non-custodial storage of digital assets seized during investigations which may also be based upon such representations by Liminal.” .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Cardano Blockchain to Get Decentralised Governance Feature Through This Upcoming Upgrade" ,  Cardano, the decentralised and eco-friendly blockchain, is getting closer towards its milestone upgrade called ‘Chang'. This upgrade will add the element of ‘decentralised governance' to the Cardano blockchain. Since being launched in 2017, Cardano has been aiming at becoming the most preferred development platform for decentralised applications (dApps). Its native cryptocurrency, ADA, presently holds the tenth rank on CoinMarketCap's list of cryptocurrencies in terms of market cap, which as of Friday, July 26 stands at $14.7 billion (roughly Rs. 1,230 crore). Cardona's Chang Upgrade A hard fork upgrade, Chang will bring the Cardano blockchain closer to a community-run governance structure. Chaing, the name of this upgrade has been decided so as a tribute to early Cardano evangelist Phil Chang who died in 2022. In its official blog post about the Chaing upgrade, the Cardano team explained that “the Cardano community will be responsible for maintaining and shaping the blockchain network,” once the upgrade is completed. In the most recent development, Node 9.1.0 -- which is part of the upgrade, has successfully been deployed on the blockchain. This marks the final preparatory step required for Cardano to transition into the Chang Hard Fork upgrade. The development was confirmed by Charles Hoskinson, the founder of Cardano, through a post on X. Crypto Firms to Participate in Government's Paper on Crypto Policy Stance This is it. End of the line, node 9.1 is Voltaire. Happy upgrading SPOs. Welcome to Chang https://t.co/Z3Fy3uHXER— Charles Hoskinson (@IOHK_Charles) July 25, 2024 Moving a blockchain to a completely decentralised governance system reportedly elevates its efficiency, transparency, and mobilisation. Essentially, decentralising the network would give its community members more control over the decision making of this network, which otherwise could face the impact of government decisions. “This upgrade will ensure transparency, inclusivity, and resilience of governance within the Cardano ecosystem,” Cardano has said. How the Crypto Sector in India Reacted to the Union Budget 2024 Once the upgrade is complete implemented on the blockchain, the holders of Cardano's native ADA tokens holders will be allowed to vote individually on every governance matter. They will also be allowed to assign their voting power to trusted delegate representatives (DReps). The ugrade has been divided in two phases – the first of which will finalise and execute foundational governance features whereas the second phase will bring in community-driven governance and decision-making. Often referred to as the ‘Ethereum Killer, Cardano wishes to make its blockchain governance completely decentralised between October and December this year. Cardano's Previous Upgrade Back in September 2022, Cardano had undergone another network upgrade that was named 'Vasil'. Vasil had reportedly given the Cardano blockchain the capability of allowing quick block creation and elevated the performances of its smart contracts. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Stalker 2: Heart of Chornobyl Delayed Again, Sets November 20 Release Date" ,  Stalker 2: Heart of Chornobyl, the first-person shooter survival horror title from GSC Game World, has been pushed back further. The game, which has faced several delays since it received an announcement trailer in 2020, will now launch on November 20 instead of its previously planned September 5 release date. The latest delay was announced with a tongue-in-cheek release date trailer Thursday, titled “Really, again?” Stalker 2 delayed, again “We know you might be tired of waiting, and we truly appreciate your patience,” the message from GSC Game World accompanying the new trailer read. The developer said that the two-month delay would allow them to fix more “unexpected anomalies”, or bugs. Stalker 2 will also receive a Developer Deep Dive video on August 12, GSC Game World announced. “This detailed update will include exclusive interviews, lots of new footage, and a full video walkthrough of one of the game quests,” the developer said. Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy Is Reportedly Coming to Game Pass Next Month .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  The latest delay comes after the game previously hit yet another delay earlier this year in January, with GSC Game World announcing a “final” release date of September 5. The Ukrainian developer had initially set an April 2022 release date after revealing an extended gameplay trailer for Stalker 2 at E3 2021. The game's development was hit severely following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, with some GSC Game World employees even deploying to the frontlines of the conflict. The upcoming shooter is the fourth game in the Stalker franchise and the first since 2009's Stalker: Call of Pripyat. The game is set in an alternate version of the exclusion zone surrounding the site of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 Is Coming to Xbox Game Pass on July 24 Stalker 2: Heart of Chornobyl will be released November 20 on Xbox Series S/X and PC. The game will be available on Game Pass day one. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "OpenAI Launches SearchGPT, an AI-Powered Search Engine Prototype That Could Take on Google and Perplexity" ,  OpenAI launched a temporary prototype of an artificial intelligence (AI) search engine dubbed SearchGPT on Thursday. The announcement came just a day after Microsoft rolled out its Bing generative search. Currently, SearchGPT is available in limited release, with access to a small group of users and publishers. The company has also opened a waitlist for others to sign up for the platform. The newest offering by the AI firm will compete with other players in the AI search space such as Google's AI Overviews and Perplexity AI. OpenAI SearchGPT Features In a post on its website, OpenAI announced its entry into the search engine space. The company said, “We're testing SearchGPT, a prototype of new search features designed to combine the strength of our AI models with information from the web to give you fast and timely answers with clear and relevant sources.” Based on images shared by the AI firm, the SearchGPT interface will include a large text box and a button to begin the search. This will trigger the search result page with a minimalist interface. On the top, users can see images, tables, and other graphics relevant to their query. Underneath, the information will show up in paragraphs and bullet points. At the bottom, users will see the sources from which the information was taken in small rectangular tiles. OpenAI Adds New Security Measure to Prevent Jailbreaking in GPT-4o Mini OpenAI says its Search product aims to solve the challenge of finding answers on the web in a single attempt. SearchGPT, as per the AI firm, uses the conversational capabilities of its AI models with real-time information sourced from the web. SearchGPT will also allow users to ask follow-up questions as the AI takes context from previous queries to refine and fine-tune the responses. The company did not disclose the details of the AI model used for this tool. The rise of AI-powered search engines has raised concerns of dwindling traffic among publishers, bloggers, and website owners. Addressing the concerns, OpenAI said it has partnered with publishers to build SearchGPT and continues to seek their feedback. It has also claimed to be launching a way for publishers to manage how they appear in SearchGPT. OpenAI Launches GPT-4o Mini As Company’s Cheapest Small AI Model


Whistleblowers Reportedly Accuse OpenAI of Enforcing 'Illegal' NDAs “Importantly, SearchGPT is about search and is separate from training OpenAI's generative AI foundation models. Sites can surface in search results even if they opt out of generative AI training,” OpenAI added. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Xiaomi 14T Pro Key Specifications Spotted on Geekbench Listing; Could Be Powered by Dimensity 9300+ Chipset" ,  Xiaomi 14T Pro is said to be in development and may launch globally later this year. Ahead of its anticipated debut, the global variant of the smartphone has surfaced on a benchmarking website, according to a report. Its listing hints at several specifications of the handset, including details about its camera and processor. This development comes days after the Xiaomi 14T Pro, and the standard model were reportedly spotted on the Indonesia Telecom website and another Thailand-based certification platform. Xiaomi 14T Pro Specifications (Leaked) MySmartPrice spotted the global variant of the Xiaomi 14T Pro on Geekbench with the model number 2407FPN8EG. Notably, it is the same identifier for an unreleased Xiaomi phone that surfaced on Thailand's NBTC certification website in June. As per the listing, the handset will be powered by an octa-core processor with a base clock speed of 2.0 GHz and a motherboard codenamed ‘rothko. It will be paired with 12GB RAM and run on Android 14. This is said to be an identifier for the MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ SoC which is also speculated to power other upcoming smartphones, including Redmi K70 Ultra and the base Xiaomi 14T, as well as the recently launched iQoo Neo 9S Pro. Realme 13 5G Spotted on Multiple Certification Websites; May  Launch Soon These are tipped to be some of the first smartphones powered by the yet-to-be-released chipset. It features a single Cortex-X4 prime core clocked at 3.4 GHz, three Cortex-X4 cores capped at 2.85 GHz, and four Cortex-A720 cores operating at 2.0 GHz. The purported Xiaomi 14T Pro reportedly scored 9,369 and 26,083 points in Geekbench's single-core and multi-core tests, respectively. Xiaomi 14T Pro Camera Specifications (Leaked) A previous report suggested that the Xiaomi 14T Pro could sport a triple rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel primary camera with an Omnivision OV50H sensor, a 13-megapixel Omnivision OV13B ultra-wide-angle sensor and a 50-megapixel Samsung S5KJN1 telephoto lens. Google Pixel 9 Series Leaked Marketing Images Reveal Design, Features


Qualcomm Could Launch Its Flagship Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 Chip on This Date For selfies, it may sport a single front-facing camera. These details were also reportedly corroborated through the handset's listing on the Camera FV 5 database. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme 13 5G Listed on NBTC, BIS and Other Certification Websites; May Feature 5,000mAh Battery: Report" ,  Realme 13 5G appears to be the next entrant in the brand's number series, as the successor to the Realme 12 5G that was launched in India in March with a MediaTek Dimensity 6100+ 5G chipset. As of now, the Chinese tech brand has not shared any information on its existence, but the phone was spotted on several regulatory websites including the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS), and US Federal Communications Commission (FCC). The phone is seen with model number RMX3951 on a few of these listings, with the NBTC listing confirming the Realme 13 5G moniker. Realme 13 5G Spotted on Multiple Certification Websites The Realme 13 5G is listed on the NBTC website with model number RMX3951. The listing shows that the smartphone has support for GSM, WCDMA LTE, and NR networks. This suggests 5G connectivity on the upcoming phone. As per the listing, the phone is manufactured in China. As reported by MySmartPrice, the Realme 13 5G has also appeared on the BIS, FCC, TUV, EEC certifications and Camera FV-5 database with the model number RMX3851 which matches the NBTC listing. Realme GT 6T Miracle Purple Colourway to Go on Sale During Amazon Prime Day The alleged TUV certification shows the device with same model number, and suggests a 4,880mAh battery. The handset allegedly surfaced on BIS and EEC certification sites with the model number RMX3951 confirming its arrival in India and European markets. The FCC listing on the other hand, shows the phone with a 5,000mAh battery unit with model number BLPA17 and support for SuperVOOC chargers with the VCB4JAUH model number. This adaptor reportedly supports 45W fast charging. The Realme 12 5G is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 45W SuperVOOC charging support. Meanwhile, the Realme 13 5G was reportedly listed in the Camera FV 5 database. It is expected to feature a primary camera with a f/1.8 aperture, 4.1mm focal length, and an image resolution of 1,280 x 960 pixels. This could be a reference to a 50-megapixel camera with pixel binning. The selfie camera seems to have f/2.5 aperture, a 3.2mm focal length, and an image resolution of 1,440 x 1,080 pixels. Realme Narzo N61 Will Be Launched in India on This Date Realme has not shared any information on the Realme 13 5G yet but these certifications suggest that the company may be planning to release the phone soon. The Realme 12 5G was launched in March with a starting price tag of Rs. 16,999 for the 6GB RAM + 128GB storage version. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro XL, Pixel 9 Pro Fold Design, Specifications Leaked Ahead of Launch" ,  Google Pixel 9 series is expected to be unveiled at the company's upcoming hardware launch event on August 13. In the days leading up to their debut, purported marketing images of the handsets in the series have revealed the design and specifications. The Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro XL, and Pixel 9 Pro Fold models are expected to arrive in four colour options. They are also expected to be powered by Google's new Tensor G4 chip. The vanilla Pixel 9 is said to sport a dual rear camera setup, while the Pro models are anticipated to feature three rear cameras. Tipster Steve H.McFly (@OnLeaks), in collaboration with 91Mobiles, leaked the marketing images of the Pixel 9 series. The renders suggest dark grey, light grey, pink, and off-white colour options for the phones. They seem to sport displays with a hole-punch cutout for the selfie camera. The handsets also appear to have glossy edges while the back panel appears to have a matte finish. The Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro XL and Pixel 9 Pro Fold appears to have three cameras at the rear while the standard Pixel 9 is said to feature dual rear cameras. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold Teased, to Go Official in India Next Month Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro XL, Pixel 9 Pro Fold Specifications (Leaked) As shown in the leaked promotional images, the base Pixel 9 will feature a 6.3-inch display and 12GB of RAM, while the Pixel 9 Pro and Pixel 9 Pro XL may come in 6.3-inch and 6.8-inch sizes respectively with 16GB of RAM. The Pixel 9 Pro Fold could arrive with an upgraded 6.3-inch display cover screen, an 8-inch main display, and 16GB of RAM. All devices are expected to come with Google's new Tensor G4 chip.  Credit: 91Mobiles/ @OnLeaks The alleged marketing images suggest a dual rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor and a 48-megapixel secondary shooter for the vanilla Pixel 9. It could be equipped with a 10.5-megapixel front-facing camera. Google Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro XL Renders Leak Again; Suggests Colours The Pixel 9 Pro and Pixel 9 Pro XL are said to boast a triple rear camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel main camera and two 48-megapixel sensors. Both phones could arrive with a 42-megapixel selfie camera. Meanwhile, the Pixel 9 Pro Fold could feature a triple rear camera setup including a 48-megapixel main camera accompanied by a 10.5-megapixel sensor and a 10.8-megapixel sensor. It is likely to feature a 10-megapixel camera on the front for selfies. In addition to Google's Gemini AI assistant and Circle to Search, the Pixel 9 series is said to include features like Pixel Screenshots and Emergency SOS. They are expected to get seven years of security updates and Pixel feature drop updates. They could offer free access to Google's AI model Gemini Advanced for one year. The Pixel 9 Pro XL is said to include a one-metre USB Type-C to USB Type-C cable (USB 2.0) in the box. 




title = "Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 Chipset With Oryon CPU Could Launch at Snapdragon Summit on October 21: Report" ,  Qualcomm has reportedly announced that it will hold its next Snapdragon Summit from October 21 to October 23 in Hawaii. The company is expected to unveil its upcoming flagship mobile chipset, the purported Snapdragon 8 Gen 4, during this event. It is speculated to be built upon a 3nm process technology from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) and may deliver power and efficiency upgrades. This development builds upon the launch timeline provided by Chief Marketing Officer Don McGuire at the Mobile World Congress (MWC 2024) in Barcelona. Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 Chipset Specifications (Expected) According to a post on MyDrivers (translated from Chinese), the Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset will be equipped with Qualcomm's self-developed Oryon CPU which was first showcased at the Snapdragon Summit in 2022. It is claimed to deliver an improved gaming performance and may also feature support for LPDDR6 RAM. The chip may be paired with an updated Neural Processing Unit (NPU). The SoC's prime core is said to be clocked at 4.2 GHz, compared to the 3.4 GHz peak clock speed of its predecessor, the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3. Qualcomm's upcoming chipset for the mobile platform is expected to beat Apple's A17 Pro SoC in terms of processing power, according to the report. Alleged Geekbench scores of Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 revealed it crossed the 3,000 threshold in single-core tests, compared to 2,999 scored by Apple's flagship chipset. The Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 scored 10,000 in the multi-core benchmark test. Poco M6 Plus 5G With 108-Megapixel Camera to Launch in India on This Date However, this revelation contradicts a previous claim by X (formerly Twitter) user @negativeonehero who suggested that the next-gen Snapdragon chipset will have a peak GPU performance less than Apple's A17 Pro chip and similar to MediaTek's Dimensity 9300. The user also suggested Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 will only bring a “single-digit” improvement in CPU performance. That said, it is speculated to be a more power efficient chipset than its predecessor, reportedly consuming 8W during the multi-core benchmark. HMD Crest, Crest Max 5G With 50-Megapixel Selfie Shooter Debut in India


Redmi 14C Moniker Surfaces on IMEI Website, May Run on HyperOS: Report According to a report, Xiaomi has secured “exclusive first launch rights” for integrating the Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset in its smartphones. Consequently, the Xiaomi 15 Pro is rumoured to be the first handset powered by it. Other flagship smartphones, including the Samsung Galaxy S25 series and OnePlus 13 are also speculated to arrive with the chipset in 2025. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Jio Things, MediaTek Unveil 4G Smart Android Digital Cluster, Smart Module for Two-Wheelers EVs in India" ,  Jio Things, in collaboration with Taiwanese chipmaker MediaTek, announced the launch of the “Made in India” 4G Smart Android Digital Cluster and 4G Smart Module in India on Thursday. The devices are part of Jio Things' Internet of Things (IoT) solutions for the two-wheeler and electric vehicle (EV) market in the country. As per the company, the IoT devices leverage MediaTek's chipset technology while also utilising the digital solutions provided by Reliance Jio's IoT platform. Jio Things 4G Smart Digital Cluster Features Jio Things 4G Smart Digital Cluster runs on Android-based AvniOS, which is built on the Android Open Source Project (AOSP). It provides real-time data analytics and customisable interfaces for two-wheelers and supports touchscreen displays with full HD+ resolution. The devices are powered MediaTek's MT8766 and MT8768 chipsets, which were developed for the tablet market. The device also offers voice recognition for easier control, while also bringing integration with vehicle controllers via Cluster OS. Jio claims its smart digital cluster will help OEMs reduce the time taken to integrate IoT solutions into their products. Google Maps Now Tells You Which Flyover to Take, Where to Charge Your EV “This solution leverages MediaTek's advanced chipset technology and JioThings' visionary digital solutions to deliver next-generation smart clusters that meet the ever-changing needs of the global 2-wheeler market,” said CK Wang, General Manager at MediaTek's IoT Business, in a prepared statement. Google Maps Could Make Travelling to Same Destination Easier for Groups


Hyundai Motor Group Said to Be Planning to Launch Hybrid Cars in India As per the company, the device features the Jio Automotive App Suite, comprising applications such as Jio Voice Assistant, JioSaavn, JioPages, and JioXploR – all of which are said to be available to the user. For EVs, the Jio Things 4G Smart Digital Cluster is equipped with support for IoT-enabled charging infrastructure and an optimised smart battery management system. It is also claimed to come with “unique service bundles”. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Bitcoin Price Hovers Under $67,000 on Global Exchanges, Altcoin Values Rise After Price Correction Period" ,  Several cryptocurrencies saw their prices rise on the crypto price chart on Friday, including the world's most widely used digital assets — Bitcoin and Ether. Bitcoin price rose by 4.33 percent over the last 24 hours to trade at $66,945 (roughly Rs. 56 lakh) on international exchanges like CoinMarketCap. The value of BTC on Indian exchanges is still fluctuating in the aftermath of the WazirX hack. At the time of writing, Bitcoin was priced between the range of $53,785 (roughly Rs. 45 lakh) and $71,800 (roughly Rs. 60 lakh) on Indian exchanges. “BTC has rebounded strongly from its weekly losses, driven by positive momentum and the kick-off of a Bitcoin conference yesterday. The asset is now consolidating within an ascending channel. This suggests that its upward trend remains intact, and investor profitability is currently positive,” Vikram Subburaj, CEO, Giottus told Gadgets360. Ether also rose by 2.08 percent during the same period. At the time of writing, ETH was trading at $3,247 (roughly Rs. 2.71 lakh) on international exchanges. In India, Ether's price varies within the range of $2,554 (roughly Rs. 2.12 lakh) and $3,540 (roughly Rs. 2.96 lakh). Crypto Firms to Participate in Government's Paper on Crypto Policy Stance “Substantial outflows from the Grayscale Ethereum Trust (ETHE) have caused ETH to trade lowly despite small gains. Investors are increasingly worried about regulatory scrutiny and unfavourable market conditions, leading to a noticeable shift in sentiment,” the CoinSwitch Markets Desk told Gadgets360. Binance Coin, Solana, Ripple, Dogecoin, Cardano, and Avalanche increased in value. Shiba Inu, Polkadot, Chainlink, and Litecoin prices rose alongside Bitcoin and Ether, but Qtum, Status, Circuits of Value, and Near Protocol prices fell on Friday. How the Crypto Sector in India Reacted to the Union Budget 2024 “Bitcoin has traded sideways, while other altcoins are down significantly. Solana and its ecosystem tokens remain strong. Volatility is expected to remain high with today's PCE Price Index data announcement,” the CoinDCX markets team told Gadgets360. “China's surprise rate cut and the steepening of the US Treasury yield curve signalled panic,” Avinash Shekhar, Co-founder and CEO, Pi42 told Gadgets360. The overall crypto market cap rose by 3.27 percent over the last 24 hours. With this, the crypto market cap has come to $2.39 trillion (roughly Rs. 2,00,099 crore). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article.




title = "Sony Set to Release PS VR2 Steam App Next Month, Bringing Support for PC VR Games" ,  Sony has been testing PC games support for the PlayStation VR2 to expand the library of VR titles available on the headset this year. The PlayStation parent had announced last month that it would roll out PC support for PS VR2 on August 7. A PS VR2 application has now surfaced on Steam and will bring access to PC VR titles on the platform when it launches next month. The PlayStation VR2 Steam app, which will let players experience virtual reality titles and apps available on Valve's storefront, is coming on August 6. PS VR2 Steam app According to the Steam page for the app, players will be able to set up their PS VR2 headset on their PCs and access the library of VR titles and apps on Steam. The app will also allow players to update the firmware for the PS VR2 headset and PS VR2 Sense controllers. Additionally, players will be able to adjust PS VR2 settings from the SteamVR dashboard, including defining the play area for the headset and adjusting screen brightness. The access the PS VR2 Steam app, players will need the PS VR2 headset, PS VR2 Sense controllers and the PS VR2 PC adapter. Sony Lays Off 900 Employees at PlayStation, Shuts Down Studio in London The PlayStation VR2 PC adapter will be available for an estimated retail price of $59.99 (roughly Rs. 5,000) at select retail stores and direct.playstation.com in supported regions. Additionally, players would also need a DisplayPort cable compatible with DisplayPort 1.4, an active Steam account and a PC that meets minimum requirements. Last month, Sony had announced that it would be rolling out support for PC VR games for PS VR2 on August 7. The company had confirmed that players would be able to access Steam's VR library, including games like Half-Life: Alyx, Fallout 4 VR and War Thunder. PS VR2 cutbacks The PS VR2 was launched in February 2023 and has since struggled to attract players with its limited games library and incompatibility with PS VR titles. While Sony has continued to release new VR titles for PS VR2, a report last month claimed that the company was making “deep cuts” to funding for VR titles. Sony Hits Pause on PS VR2 Production as Unsold Inventory Piles Up Earlier this year in February, Sony shut down its London Studio, the developer behind PlayStation VR Worlds, and made cuts at Horizon: Call of the Mountain developer Firesprite. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Poco M6 Plus 5G India Launch Date Set for August 1; Price, Key Specifications Listed on Amazon" ,  Poco M6 Plus 5G will be launched by the company in India next week. The Xiaomi sub-brand has announced the imminent arrival of a new Poco M-series handset through a dedicated microsite on Flipkart. The listing reveals the design and a few key specifications of the phone. The Poco M6 Plus 5G is confirmed to feature a 108-megapixel main rear camera. It appears to have a hole punch design at the front. Poco M6 Plus 5G launch date revealed A dedicated microsite on Flipkart reveals that Poco M6 Plus 5G will be announced on August 1 in India. The listing shows a dual-tone design on the back in a violet shade with flat edges. It has a centrally located hole punch cutout on the display to house a selfie shooter. The Poco M6 Plus 5G is teased to feature a dual rear camera setup with ring LED. The camera unit includes a 108-megapixel primary camera with an f/1.75 aperture and a 3x in-sensor zoom support. Poco Launches C61 Airtel Exclusive Edition With Free Prepaid Data Poco M6 Plus 5G Price (Expected) While the Poco M6 Plus 5G is expected to be available for purchase via Flipkart, the phone is currently listed on Amazon with a price tag of Rs. 14,999 for 8GB RAM + 128GB storage option. The site also reveals that the phones will be delivered by August 2, which is after the launch date. It is currently unclear whether the listing on Amazon, with the pricing and specifications of the handset, is authentic.  Photo Credit: Screenhot/ Amazon  Poco M6 Plus 5G Specifications (Expected) The listing reveals various specifications of the Poco M6 5G, including Android 14-based HyperOS, a 6.79-inch LCD screen with a 120Hz refresh rate, and a 16-megapixel front camera. It is shown in a graphite black colour. Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition India Launch Date Revealed: See Design As per the listing, Qualcomm's Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 processor will power the Poco M6 Plus 5G. It is listed to pack a 5,030mAh battery with 33W fast charging support. The latter was launched in China in May with a price tag of CNY 1,399 (roughly Rs. 16,000) for the base model with 6GB of RAM and 128GB of storage. The pricing for the handset goes up to CNY 1,999 (roughly Rs. 23,000).  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Rolling Out AI-Powered Bing Generative Search, Could Rival Google’s AI Overviews" ,  Microsoft added a new artificial intelligence (AI) feature to its Bing search engine on Wednesday. Dubbed Bing generative search, the feature shows a snapshot with the information for the searched query. The feature is similar to Google's AI Overviews which was publicly released in the US in May. Bing's AI-powered search feature also shows the sources from where the content was taken. As per the company, the feature is currently being shipped for a small percentage of queries, likely to avoid incidents of AI hallucinations that AI Overviews suffered from. Bing Generative Search Features In a blog post, Microsoft Bing announced the feature and said, “Today, we're excited to share an early view of our new generative search experience which is currently shipping to a small percentage of user queries.” The feature is an extension of the company's AI-powered chat answers on Bing which was released in February 2023.  Bing generative searchPhoto Credit: Microsoft Bing  The new feature is built with the company's large and small language models (SLMs and LLMs), however, the company did not reveal which AI models were used for it. Explaining the functioning, Microsoft highlighted that the AI can contextually understand the search query, and then processes millions of sources of information to match the right content. After that, it uses the data to generate relevant search results. Visually, Bing generative search looks very similar to Google's AI Overviews. It appears inside a grey box at the top of Bing search result page. The snapshot of information comes with a headline, a document index for easy navigation to the right section, and source citations. The AI also adds images, videos, and tables whenever necessary. Whenever the Bing generative search shows up, the traditional search results will move to the right side of the page. The left side first shows the snapshot, followed by the source links, and then related search results. HP Launches Its First Copilot+ AI PCs With Snapdragon Chipsets in India


Microsoft Could Reportedly be Working on More New Xbox Game Pass Tiers


Microsoft Issues New Tool to Assist in Recovery of Windows PCs The company says it is optimising accuracy and has refined its approach to focus on that. However, just like the details around the AI model, the architecture used for this was not disclosed. Microsoft also highlighted that it is closely monitoring how the feature impacts traffic to publishers. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Redmi 14C Moniker Surfaces on IMEI Website, May Run on HyperOS: Report" ,  Redmi 14C may arrive in multiple global markets, including India, soon. A report claims that the moniker was recently spotted on a smartphone identifier database. The report also suggests some processor and operating system details of the purported handset. Previously, a handset with the model number expected to correspond with the Redmi 14C 5G was reportedly found on the same website. Notably, the 4G variant of the Redmi 13C was unveiled in India in December 2023 alongside the Redmi 13C 5G. Redmi 14C IMEI Listing The Redmi 14C moniker was spotted on the IMEI website, according to a XiaomiTime report. Earlier, a handset with the model number 2409BRN2CL, thought to be this model, was also found on the database, the report added. The Redmi 14C is also expected to come with NFC support in select models. The NFC version will possibly carry the codename "pond," while the non-NFC variant may be codenamed "lake." Redmi 14C 5G Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website Suggesting India Launch The report also noted that the Redmi 14C could be powered by a MediaTek Helio G81 chipset and ship with Android 14-based HyperOS 1.0. The report added that the phone will likely be one of the last handsets to get a HyperOS 2.0 update, which is yet to be released. However, a Gizmochina report suggested that the name of the 'MediaTek Helio G81' SoC may not be accurate. Since the Redmi 13C 4G comes with a MediaTek G85 chipset, the successor model will likely carry a processor with more power, and it could be named MediaTek Helio G91 instead. The model numbers corresponding to the Redmi 14C moniker are 2409BRN2CG, 2409BRN2CI, 2409BRN2CY, 2409BRN2CA, 2409BRN2CL and 2409BRN2CC. The last alphabet of each of these numbers suggests the region-specific variant of the handset. The 'G' stands for global, the 'C' stands for China, while the 'I' signifies an Indian version. Xiaomi Redmi 13C 5G Review


Redmi K70 Extreme Edition With MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ SoC Goes Official An earlier report also suggested the eventual launch of the Redmi 14C 5G. This 5G variant is also expected to launch in several global markets including China and India. 




title = "HMD Crest, Crest Max 5G With 50-Megapixel Front Camera, 5,000mAh Battery Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  HMD Crest and Crest Max 5G have been launched in India as the latest smartphones by Finnish manufacturer HMD. The new HMD handsets come in three colour options with 6.67-inch OLED displays. They run on Unisoc T760 5G chipsets and feature 50-megapixel front cameras. The HMD Crest has a dual camera setup at the rear, while the HMD Crest Max 5G flaunts a triple rear camera unit. They are backed by a 5,000mAh battery and easy self-repair features. HMD Crest, Crest Max 5G price in India Price of HMD Crest is set at Rs. 12,999 and HMD Crest Max is priced at Rs. 14,999 in the country. These are special introductory price tags and there is no word on how long this offer will last. The HMD Crest is available in Midnight Blue, Lush Lilac, and Royal Pink colourways, while the HMD Crest Max is available in Aqua Green, Deep Purple, and Royal Pink finishes. They are confirmed to go on sale via Amazon during its upcoming Great Freedom Sale in August. HMD Crest, Crest Max 5G specifications The HMD Crest and HMD Crest Max 5G run on Android 14 and boast a 6.67-inch full-HD+ OLED display. They are powered by an octa-core 6nm Unisoc T760 5G chipset. HMD Crest possesses 6GB of RAM and 128GB storage while the HMD Crest Max has 8GB of RAM and 256GB storage. The former offers 6GB of virtual RAM, while the latter packs 8GB of virtual RAM. HMD Skyline With Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC, Lumia Design Debuts  HMDPhoto Credit: HMD Crest, Crest Max 5G  For optics, the HMD Crest has an AI-backed 50-megapixel dual rear camera setup. The HMD Crest Max 5G, on the other hand, comes with a triple rear camera unit, comprising a 64-megapixel primary camera, a 5-megapixel ultra-wide camera and a 2-megapixel macro sensor. Nokia 3210 Makes a Comeback in India With YouTube, UPI Apps The HMD Crest and HMD Crest Max 5G feature a 50-megapixel selfie camera. Both phones are equipped with a 5,000mAh battery with 33W charging support. The battery units are claimed to support 800 charging cycles. They offer Repairability 1.0 feature that lets users quickly replace the back panel, battery, charging port and display themselves. The launch of HMD Crest and HMD Crest Max 5G marks HMD's first venture into the Indian smartphone market. The company previously offered Nokia-branded devices in the country. 




title = "Apple to Launch 2 iPhone Models in 2025 With Its Proprietary 5G Modem Replacing Qualcomm: Ming-Chi Kuo" ,  Apple is preparing to debut its 5G modem that has been in development for some years, and it may come as soon as next year, according to claims made by an analyst. The Cupertino-based technology company is speculated to ditch Qualcomm's technology, which it has used for years, and prioritise its proprietary 5G modem which may be introduced with two iPhone models in 2025 as part of a phased adoption process. iPhone Models With Apple Modem According to an article on X (formerly Twitter) by TF International Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple plans to use its purported proprietary 5G modem in just two iPhone models: the iPhone SE 4 and an “ultra-slim” iPhone 17, with both handsets speculated to launch in 2025. As per the analyst, Apple is targeting Q1 2025 for the launch of the iPhone SE 4, while the purported “ultra-slim” iPhone 17, dubbed iPhone 17 Slim could debut in Q3 2025. Both upcoming iPhone models will not use the Qualcomm-supplied 5G modem, the analyst said. Kuo suggested that with this move, Apple aims to slowly phase out the outsourced modems, with the company preparing to transition to use its in-house technology. iPhone 17 Slim to Reportedly Come With Single Rear Camera Earlier this year, Apple extended its deal with Qualcomm to 2026, with the development of its in-house modem being reportedly delayed. At the time, Qualcomm CEO Cristiano Amon remarked that he was “happy with the relationship with Apple”. While the iPhone SE 4 and iPhone 17 Slim are said to use the iPhone maker's proprietary 5G modem, it is unclear if the rest of the iPhone 17 series, which is also tipped to launch next year, will still utilise Qualcomm's cellular technology. Apple Could Turn to Samsung for Camera Sensor for Its iPhone 18 Series


Apple Might Be Working on a Flip-Style Foldable That Could Arrive in 2026 Jeff Pu, an analyst with the investment firm Haitong International Securities, previously claimed that the upcoming iPhone 16 models will still use Qualcomm 5G modems, but only the iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max may feature the latest Snapdragon X75 modem. The standard variants are said to still be equipped with the X70 modem, which powers cellular functions across the entire iPhone 15 lineup. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Mistral Large 2 Open Source AI Model Released, Said to Be on Par With Meta Llama 3.1 405B" ,  Mistral released the new generation of its flagship open-source artificial intelligence (AI) model, Mistral Large 2, on Wednesday. The company claims the AI model offers significantly improved capabilities in code generation, mathematics, and reasoning. It also gets support for several new languages as well as advanced function calling capabilities. It is also said that despite being one-third the size of recently released Meta Llama 3.1 405B AI model, Mistral's flagship large language model (LLM) offers similar performance. Notably, Mistral Large 2 is only available for research and non-commercial usages. Mistral Large 2 Features The company announced the AI model in a newsroom post. The Mistral Large 2 comes with 1,28,000 tokens context window, which is similar to Meta's latest AI offering. Additionally, the flagship Mistral AI model supports several new languages including Arabic, Chinese, French, German, Hindi, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, and Spanish. Alongside, it can also generate code in more than 80 coding languages. Mistral's new AI model has a size of 123 billion parameters, and can run on a single node. The company said there were three main focus areas to improve the Large 2 model. First was code generation and the LLM was trained on a large volume of coding data. Second, to improve its reasoning capability and minimise instances of hallucination, the AI firm fine-tuned the model to be more cautious in responses. Finally, the AI model was trained to “acknowledge when it cannot find solutions or does not have sufficient information to provide a confident answer.” Mistral Launches 8X22B AI Mixture of Experts Model in Open Source Despite being one-third the size of Llama 3.1 405B, the company claims that its LLM outperforms it. Based on its internal benchmark testing, Mistral said its AI model fared better in code generation and math performance. It also claimed to outperform GPT-4o in Java code generation. Further, the company claims that the Mistral Large 2 has enhanced function calling and retrieval skills that allows it to power complex business applications. Function calling is a capability of AI models to interact with external tools or functions. This allows them to procure data from various sources and provide more accurate, informative, and efficient responses. The company has partnered with Google Cloud Platform to bring the Large 2 AI model to Vertex AI via a managed application programming interface (API). It also available on cloud via Azure AI Studio, Amazon Bedrock, and IBM Watsonx. Since it is an open source AI model, interested individuals can also access the LLM via its website under the name mistral-large-2407. Meta AI Can Now Generate Images of You in Different Styles and Settings


Adobe Illustrator Can Now Use AI to Generate Patterns and Artwork To download the instruct model, users can check its HuggingFace listing. Notably, it is available under the Mistral Research Licence which only allows usage and modification for research and non-commercial usages. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Redmi Pad SE 4G Leaked Renders Suggest Colour Options; Key Specifications Tipped" ,  Redmi Pad SE 4G will launch in India on July 29 alongside the Redmi Pad Pro 5G. It will join the Redmi Pad SE Wi-Fi variant, which was unveiled in the country in April this year. The company has teased the design of the upcoming tablet and has also confirmed some key features. Previously, leaked design renders and important specifications of the Redmi Pad SE 4G surfaced online. Now a tipster has suggested the colour variants of the tablet with more leaked renders and hinted at charging and dimension details. Redmi Pad SE 4G Colour Options, Dimensions (Expected) The Redmi Pad SE 4G is seen in three colour options in leaked renders shared by tipster Sudhanshu Ambhore (@Sudhanshu1414) on X. The tablet appears in blue, green, and grey shades. The official microsite has already teased the blue and green variants. More specs & renders in all colors with price:- 90Hz refresh rate- 18W charging- 211.58 X 125.48 X 8.8 mm- 373g4GB+128GB Wi-Fi Only: EUR 169 https://t.co/DdBHk7mW4B pic.twitter.com/IAYREzMmJc— Sudhanshu Ambhore (@Sudhanshu1414) July 23, 2024 The tipster added that the Redmi Pad SE 4G will likely measure 211.58 x 125.48 x 8.8mm in size and weigh 373g. Redmi Pad SE 4G Features (Expected) The Redmi Pad SE 4G has previously been tipped to come with an 8.7-inch (1,340 x 800 pixels) LCD screen and a MediaTek Helio G99 SoC paired with 4GB of RAM. It is likely to be offered in 64GB and 128GB storage variants and ship with Android 14-based HyperOS. In a recent leak, the tipster added that the tablet display may support a 90Hz refresh rate. Redmi Pad SE 4G Details Leak Ahead of India Launch; Pad Pro 5G Coming Too


Redmi Pad SE 4G Design Teased, Confirmed to Launch in India on This Date


Redmi Pad SE Review: Good Budget Tablet In the camera department, the Redmi Pad SE 4G is said to get an 8-megapixel main rear sensor and a 5-megapixel front sensor. It is expected to pack a 6,650mAh battery and support Bluetooth 5.3 and USB Type-C connectivity. The tablet is also likely to get Dolby Atmos-backed speakers, a 3.5mm audio jack, and up to 2TB expandable storage support via microSD card. 




title = "Infinix Partners With Samsung to Launch AI-Powered Deep Learning Camera Algorithm" ,  Infinix has partnered with Samsung Electronics to launch the 108-megapixel AI-Powered Advanced Deep Learning Algorithm (AIADLA), the company announced on Thursday. Courtesy of this strategic alliance, Infinix claims to improve mobile photography by leveraging Samsung's ISOCELL image sensor hardware remosaic technology. Infinix says it aims to make the “art of photography” accessible to casual users who aren't experts at capturing photos, using artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance them. Infinix's New Imaging Algorithm According to Infinix, its new AIADLA algorithm optimises noise reduction and detail reproduction using Samsung's imaging technology. Images shot even in long-range environments are claimed to retain their sharpness and colour accuracy. Furthermore, the technology also aims to improve low-light photography by delivering better clarity and detail while also reducing noise and distortion.  New AI Deep Learning Algorithm by InfinixPhoto Credit: Infinix Leveraging AIADLA technology, users can capture high-resolution images from their smartphone's primary camera even at a distance, the company noted. They can then crop and adjust the images as per their requirements without sacrificing the overall quality, as per the company. To achieve its results, the algorithm calibrates using AI during the software mosaic rearrangement process, based on a pre-trained database of images. Infinix says this technology will be integrated into its upcoming smartphones which are scheduled to debut soon. It is speculated to be featured in the Infinix Note 40X, which is confirmed to launch in India on August 5. The handset will sport an AI-backed 108-megapixel triple rear camera setup. Infinix's 720-Degree SphereTech NFC Technology This development comes days after Infinix unveiled its latest near-field communication (NFC) technology dubbed 720-degree SphereTech. As per the company, it is capable of doubling the traditional NFC signal range while increasing the card reading area by 200 percent. Google Pixel 9 Series Could Get Brighter Displays Courtesy of Samsung


Nothing Phone 2a Plus Confirmed to Run on This MediaTek Chipset


Motorola Edge 50 India Launch Date, Design, Colours, Key Features Revealed The company claims that any smartphone enabled with its latest NFC technology can complete transactions by being tapped on the front, back and top sides. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Pixel 9 Series May Reportedly Get Samsung-Made OLED Displays" ,  Google Pixel 9 series is scheduled to launch on August 13 and the designs of the smartphones have already been revealed via social media. Ahead of its official debut, details about the displays of Google's upcoming smartphones have reportedly been leaked. As per the claims, the handsets may be equipped with Samsung-made OLED displays with “M14” organic material, resulting in improved brightness. Notably, the iPhone 16 Pro models have also been reported to feature the same display technology. Google Pixel 9 Display Specifications (Expected) Google's upcoming Pixel 9 lineup is said to comprise three models: Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, and Pixel 9 Pro XL, with the latter being a new introduction. According to a report by Android Authority, all three handsets could feature improved brightness levels, courtesy of the M14 OLED screen. The Pixel 9 is reported to come with a full-screen HDR brightness of 1,800 nits, compared to Pixel 8's 1,400 nits. Meanwhile, both the Pixel 9 Pro and 9 Pro XL may have 2,050 nits of HDR brightness, translating into an increase of approximately 400 nits over its predecessor. While these are HDR values, local peak brightness levels are speculated to be even higher across the Pixel 9 series. Pixel 9 Pro Fold’s Display Is Getting a Major Overhaul: Report According to reports, the Google Pixel 9 Pro will be a much smaller smartphone this time around. It is said to get a 6.34-inch display, compared to the 6.71-inch screen sported by the Pixel 8 Pro. This may be due to the impending introduction of Pixel 9 Pro XL – an all-new model that is reported to feature a 6.73-inch 120Hz display. If the specifications turn out to be true, it would be the biggest display on any non-foldable Pixel smartphone ever. Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 Design, Colour Options Leaked Via Online Listing


Google Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro XL Renders Leak Again; Suggests Colours In addition to the Pixel 9 series, Google has confirmed the debut of its next-generation foldable smartphone, dubbed Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold. It will be a successor to the Pixel Fold which the company introduced at the I/O Developer Conference in 2023. Google's entire lineup of upcoming smartphones is confirmed to be assisted by Gemini – its large language model (LLM) powering artificial intelligence (AI) features. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Nothing Phone 2a Plus Chipset, RAM Details Revealed Ahead of July 31 India Launch" ,  Nothing, the Carl Pei-led UK brand is all set to unveil the Nothing Phone 2a Plus in India on July 31. To build hype around the launch, Nothing is actively dropping teasers about the components of the upcoming phone. Most recently, Nothing has disclosed the chipset of the Nothing Phone 2a Plus. A brand new MediaTek Dimensity processor will fuel the phone and it will pack 12GB of RAM as well. The Nothing Phone 2a Plus is expected to come with upgrades over the Nothing Phone 2a. Nothing Phone 2a Plus chipset confirmed In a new post on X (formerly Twitter), Nothing confirmed that the Nothing Phone 2a Plus will run on the MediaTek Dimensity 7350 Pro SoC. With this octa-core processor boasting a clock speed of up to 3.0GHz, the new handset is claimed to offer around 10 percent faster performance than the Nothing Phone 2a which is powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 7200 Pro. The Nothing Phone 2a Plus is also confirmed to carry 12GB of RAM. The onboard memory can be virtually expanded up to 20GB with RAM Booster technology. It will pack Mali-G610 MC4 GPU clocked up to 1.3GHz, which the company says is 30 percent faster than the previous model. CMF Phone 1 With Customisable Rear Panel, Dimensity 7300 Launched in India Nothing already announced that the Nothing Phone 2a Plus will be unveiled in India on July 31. Nothing Phone 2a price, specifications The Phone 2a was introduced in May with a redesigned Glyph Interface and a price tag of Rs. 23,999 for the base 8GB + 128GB RAM and storage configuration. It boasts a 6.7-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,412 pixels) AMOLED display with an adaptive refresh rate ranging from 30Hz to 120Hz and packs up to 12GB of RAM. It flaunts two 50-megapixel sensors at the rear. For selfies and video chats, it has a 32-megapixel camera on the front. Nothing's Phone 2a offers up to 256GB of inbuilt storage and features an in-display fingerprint sensor. It has dual stereo speakers and has an IP54-rated dust and water-resistant build. It carries a 5,000mAh battery with support for 45W fast charging. Nothing Phone 2a Special Edition With Red, Yellow, Blue Accents Launched   




title = "Motorola Edge 50 India Launch Date Set for August 1; Design, Colour Options, Key Features Revealed" ,  Motorola Edge 50 will launch in India next month. The company has announced the launch and availability details of the handset alongside its design, colour options, and key features. The upcoming smartphone is claimed to be the world's slimmest MIL-810H-certified handset with a Sony - LYTIA 700C camera sensor and an IP68-rated build. The base Edge 50 will join the other models in the lineup, namely the Motorola Edge 50 Pro, Edge 50 Ultra, and Edge 50 Fusion. These variants are already available for purchase in the country. Motorola Edge 50 India Launch, Availability, Design, Colour Options The Motorola Edge 50 will launch in India on August 1 at 12pm IST and will be available for purchase via Flipkart, the Motorola India website and leading offline retail stores, the company confirmed in an X post. A Flipkart microsite for the handset has also gone live which reveals the design, colour options and key features of the phone. It appears to have a similar design to the Motorola Edge 50 Pro. The Motorola Edge 50 is seen with a triple rear camera unit as well. It is confirmed to be offered in three colourways — Jungle Green and Pantone Peach Fuzz with a vegan leather finish and a Koala Grey shade with a vegan suede finish. Motorola Edge 50 5G Specifications Leaked; Might Arrive in These Colours Motorola Edge 50 Features The Motorola Edge 50 will sport a 6.67-inch 1.5K 3D curved pOLED screen with 1,900 nits peak brightness level and Smart Water Touch feature. It will be powered by a 4nm Snapdragon 7 Gen 1 SoC. The 256GB storage variant of the handset is teased to support virtual RAM expansion. The phone will support three years of OS upgrades and four years of security updates. For optics, the Motorola Edge 50 will be equipped with a 50-megapixel Son-Lytia 700C primary sensor backed by Moto AI features. The camera unit will also include a 10-megapixel telephoto shooter and a 13-megapixel sensor paired with an ultra-wide lens. The front camera will get a 32-megapixel sensor. Motorola Edge 50 Neo Tipped to Arrive in These Four Colourways


Motorola Edge 50 Pro Is Now Available in This Colour Option in India The Motorola Edge 50 will be backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 68W wired TurboPower and 15W wireless charging support. The phone will also come with an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance and a MIL-810H certification. For security, it will carry an in-display fingerprint sensor.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "HP EliteBook Ultra, HP OmniBook X Copilot+ AI PCs With Snapdragon X Elite Chipset Launched in India" ,  HP unveiled its first Copilot+ AI PCs, the HP EliteBook Ultra and HP OmniBook X, in India on Thursday. Powered by the Arm-based Snapdragon X Elite platform, HP's new AI laptops take advantage of the dedicated Neural Processing Unit (NPU) of the chipset, rated at 45 trillion operations per second (TOPS) and capable of running demanding generative AI tools and services locally on the device. Aimed at both businesses and retail customers, the HP EliteBook Ultra and HP OmniBook X laptops come with built-in HP AI Companion, dedicated Copilot key and AI features and touchscreen displays. The laptops sport a thin and light design and promise up to 26 hours of battery life. HP EliteBook Ultra, HP OmniBook X Price in India and Availability Pricing for the HP Elitebook Ultra starts at Rs. 1,69,934. The laptop is available in a single Atmospheric Blue colourway. The HP OmniBook X, on the other hand, has a starting price of Rs. 1,39,999 and will sell in a Meteor Silver colour. Both Copilot+ PCs are available in HP World retail stores and the HP online store. With Snapdragon X Elite, Qualcomm Looks to Break Intel, AMD's PC Hegemony  The EliteBook Ultra (right) and the HP OmniBook XPhoto Credit: HP HP EliteBook Ultra specifications The HP EliteBook Ultra runs Windows 11 Pro and is powered by Qualcomm's latest 12-core Snapdragon X Elite X1E-78-100 chipset that can clock up to 3.4 GHz, paired with Qualcomm Adreno graphics, 16 GB of LPDDR5x-8400MHz RAM and 1 TB PCIe Gen4 NVMe TLC M.2 SSD storage. The X Elite processor's dedicated 45 TOPS NPU allows users to perform generative AI-intensive tasks on-device. Snapdragon-Powered Android Phones Can Support AI Integration: Qualcomm CMO The Copilot+ PC sport a 14-inch 2.2K (2,240x1,400 pixels) touch display with 300nits of peak brightness. Connectivity options on the laptop include Wi-Fi 6E, Bluetooth 5.2, two USB Type-C ports, a USB Type-A port and a headphone/microphone combo jack. The HP EliteBook Ultra comes with dual stereo speakers, integrated dual array microphones, full-size backlit keyboard and a 5-megapixel IR camera. The laptop packs a 59Whr battery that HP claims can be charged up to 50 percent in 30 minutes. The battery is charged by a 65W USB Type-C power adapter. The HP laptop measures 31.29 x 22.35 x 0.84 cm in size from the front side and weighs 1.34 kg. HP OmniBook specifications The HP OmniBook X is powered by the same Snapdragon processor, paired with Qualcomm Adreno graphics, 16 GB of LPDDR5x-8448 MHz RAM and 1 TB PCIe Gen4 NVMe M.2 SSD storage. The laptop gets the same 14-inch 2.2K display, with multi-touch capabilities, Corning Gorilla Glass protection and 300 nits of brightness. Connectivity options on the HP OmniBook X include Wi-Fi 7 and Bluetooth 5.4, with a port selection that features two USB Type-C ports (USB Power Delivery, DisplayPort), a 1 USB Type-A port and a headphone/microphone combo jack. The laptop sports dual speakers and a 5-megapixel IR camera. The HP OmniBook X comes with a 59Whr battery, claimed to offer up to 26 hours of battery life. The laptop measures 31.29 x 22.35 x 1.43 cm in size from the front side and weighs 1.34 kg. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Crypto Stakeholders Prepared to Participate in Government's Discussion Paper on Crypto Policy Stance" ,  The government reportedly plans to release a discussion paper before September, outlining its stance on crypto-related policies in the country, and crypto stakeholders — including the Bharat Web3 Association (BWA) — have already expressed their readiness to take part in the process. The paper is expected to pave the way for regulation of cryptocurrencies in India, while ensuring that firms are in compliance with rules that could be framed by the government in the future. Government Plans Discussion Paper on Crypto Policy Stance Economic Affairs Secretary Ajay Seth claimed in a recent interview that this discussion paper will have suggestions around the future of crypto regulations in India, while also seeking ideas from industry stakeholders on how to ensure the growth of crypto while keeping India's legal and financial sanctity intact. India's current crypto regulations focus primarily on creating an anti-money laundering ecosystem, detailing dos and don'ts around electronic funds transfer, and countering terror financing. WazirX Contacts Projects Linked With Stolen Tokens Amid Recovery Attempts As per Seth, however, this policy stance discussion paper will push the topics on defining the repercussions for crypto law offences alongside other topics as part of the framing of a wider policy cluster. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) along with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) are part of the inter-ministerial group that is headlining the work around this discussion paper. BWA, Crypto Stakeholders to Participate in Paper on Crypto Policy In conversation with Gadgets360, BWA chairperson Dilip Chenoy said clarity around crypto rules in India can propel the country to become a leader in Web3, as the country already has the largest group of developers in the world. Chenoy further said that all of its 42 members and counting – will put in their hundred percent efforts in assisting the government on this paper. South Korea Implements Legal Framework to Protect Crypto Community “We welcome the Indian government's move to release a discussion paper outlining its policy stance on virtual digital assets before September. A heathy regulatory framework for digital assets will enable innovation while protecting the interest of millions of VDA users in India. We will actively participate in the consultation process and will share our views and recommendations for drafting policy,” Chenoy said. “By seeking inputs from various stakeholders can potentially create a balanced regulatory framework,” said Edul Patel, CEO of crypto investment firm Mudrex, as commenting on the development. “Currently, India's focus on cryptocurrencies revolves around AML and CTF measures, but a broader remit is definitely needed to expand the scope to include consumer protection, market integrity, and innovation that can ensure responsible growth.” A2Z Crypto CEO Krishnendu Chatterjee highlighted the points that the members from India's Web3 industry are looking to highlight to the government while submitting their suggestions for this paper. Speaking to Gadgets360, Chatterjee said the industry seeks clarity on whether crypto is classified as a commodity or a security and if crypto is even a part of India's payments act. Furthermore, the sector is looking for laws on unbundling of the responsibilities on exchanges and custodians by mandating the segregation of client funds. Revisions in India's crypto taxes and formation of a dedicated body to oversee the Web3 sector are also among top agendas that the crypto circle aims to bring to the government's notice. CoinSwitch Co-Founder Ashish Singhal said he is eager to see what the government comes up with in this paper before September, after roping in ideas and suggestions from the industry insiders. In conversation with Gadgets360, the leaders of exchanges like Giottus and Pi42 have also noted that if India incorporates a more comprehensive set of crypto regulations, the industry could benefit extensively. “With global regulations shaping up like MICA in Europe, we hope that this discussion paper will become a kick starter towards building cryto regulatory framework very soon,” said Vikram Subburaj, CEO, Giottus. According to Avinash Shekhar, CEO and Co-Founder of Pi42, “Crypto regulations can mitigate risks while allowing the industry to grow and develop. A ban on crypto would not only be ineffective but would also stifle innovation within the industry.” .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iPhone 17 Slim to Get Single Rear Camera, A19 Chip as Apple Emphasises Design Over Features: Ming-Chi Kuo" ,  Apple is yet to announce the arrival of the iPhone 16 series, but ahead of it, rumours about next year's iPhone family are emerging on the Web. The purported iPhone 17 series is said to include a new 'Slim' variant instead of the Plus version. Most recently, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has shed more light on its specifications and design suggesting that Apple could focus on keeping a thin profile by packing a single rear camera. The iPhone 17 Slim is expected to run on a lower-end A19 chip. iPhone 17 Slim specifications (expected) Noted supply chain analyst Ming-Chi Kuo shared his expectations for the iPhone 17 Slim on a Medium post. He states that the ultra-slim iPhone 17 model will emphasise sleek form factor design rather than competing on hardware specifications. Kuo says it will feature only a single wide-angle rear camera. The iPhone 17 Slim with a single lens would be an unusual move from Apple as the tech giant traditionally offers two cameras on the standard and Plus models and three on the Pro versions. Details about the capabilities of the iPhone 17 Slim's camera remain unknown, although other iPhone 17 series models are expected to get a 48-megapixel main camera. Apple Postpones Plans for Thinner iPhone Models: Ming-Chi Kuo Further, Kuo says the iPhone 17 Slim will get a 6.6-inch display with a 1,260x2,740 pixels resolution and dynamic island. It is said to come with an A19 chip under the hood along with Apple's in-house 5G chip. The high-end iPhone 17 Pro and iPhone 17 Pro Max are said to ship with A19 Pro chips. Apple is expected to use a Titanium aluminium alloy middle frame for the iPhone 17 Slim. The proportion of Titanium could be lower than the current Pro and Pro Max middle frame. Other iPhone 17 models are said to use an aluminium middle frame. Why Apple plans to replace iPhone 17 Plus? Kuo's post corroborates rumours about the company's plan to discontinue the iPhone 17 Plus. Due to low sales, Apple is likely to axe the Plus model from the iPhone 17 lineup by adding the new iPhone 17 Slim variant. "The new ultra-slim model is not positioned to replace the Plus. Instead, Apple is exploring new design trends beyond the existing iPhone lineup", said Kuo. iPhone 17, iPhone 17 Pro, iPhone SE 4 Specifications, Launch Timelines Tipped He notes that the Plus model only accounts for about 5 to 10 percent of the overall shipments of iPhone, indicating that Plus is a dispensable model.  




title = "Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 Design, Colour Options Leaked Via Online Listing" ,  Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 are expected to launch soon as the Pixel Buds Pro successor. The Pixel Buds Pro were unveiled in May 2022. The second generation of these true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones are expected to be launched alongside the Pixel 9 series of smartphones at the Made by Google event on August 13. Previously, the expected colourways of the Pixel Buds Pro 2 were tipped. Now an e-commerce site listing of a cover for the Pixel Buds Pro 2 charging case has shown a colour option and suggested some design upgrades. Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 design, colourways (expected) A cover for the Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 charging case was spotted by Reddit user @Living_Series8400 (via) on Amazon. The images shared by the user show the earbuds in a pink colourway which could be the previously tipped Raspberry option. The leak also suggested three other colour options — Haze, Mojito, and Porcelain.  Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 charging case cover spotted on AmazonPhoto Credit: 9to5Google  In the promotional images of the charging case cover, the top cap of the Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 earbuds appears bigger and flatter. This is expected to make the area where the touch sensors are placed to be larger than the existing model. They could also take up more space within the charging case. Google’s Upcoming Pixel Buds Pro 2 May Come in Four New Colourways The pill-shaped grilles on the Pixel Buds Pro 2 also appear to be larger as compared to the ones on the Pixel Buds Pro. In the latter, the grilles are seen in a black shade across all models. In the Pixel Buds Pro 2, however, the grilles seem to be colour-matched to the rest of the top cap. The design of the Pixel Buds Pro 2 charging case looks more or less the same as the Pixel Buds Pro case. However, the charging case cover of the upcoming TWS earphones is seen with an additional cutout next to the USB Type-C charging port cutout. This slot is speculated to be for a lanyard or for a speaker which could be used with the Find My Device feature. Pixel Buds Pro 2 Charging Case Battery Specifications Surface Online


Google Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro XL Renders Leak Again; Suggests Colours Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 features (expected) The Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 have previously been spotted on the UL Demko certification website. This listing suggested that the purported TWS earphones could offer a slightly better battery life than the existing earphones. The Pixel Buds Pro 2 charging case is likely to be equipped with a 650mAh battery, which is slightly bigger than the 620mAh battery on the Pixel Buds Pro case. More details about the earphones are expected to surface online closer to the launch. 




title = "[Exclusive] iQOO Z9s and Z9s Pro India Launch Timeline Revealed" ,  iQoo is all set to launch the Z9s series in August, including Z9s and Z9s Pro smartphones. The company has been teasing the launch of its upcoming Z-series in the last few days. Gadgets 360 is the first to confirm the names of the upcoming smartphones from iQoo. Further, iQoo CEO Nipun Marya exclusively confirmed to Gadgets 360 that both phones will launch in India in the second or third week of August. Marya said, “The iQoo Z9s and Z9s pro will launch sometime in the second or third week of August.” Speaking to Gadgets 360, Marya added that both iQoo Z9s and Z9s Pro are solid products in their respective price bands and that it is the first time that the brand is launching two products simultaneously in Z-series. Unfortunately, no further details were shared with us about the Z9s series for now. iQoo Z9s Series Design in India Teased, Alleged Model Spotted on Geekbench Considering the new phones will be part of the iQoo Z9 series, we can expect performance bumps in the latest devices. The Z9s series image teased by iQoo confirmed a triple camera setup at the back, but at this point, we are not sure about other specifications. In China, iQoo launched three phones under the Z9 moniker - the iQoo Z9 5G, Z9 Turbo 5G and Z9x 5G. On the other hand, iQoo already launched Z9, Z9x and Z9 Lite in India. Interestingly, the company is further expanding its Z9 series with two more phones. Pricing-wise, the iQoo Z9 starts at Rs. 19,999 for the base 8GB RAM variant, Z9x at Rs. 15,999, and Z9 Lite at Rs. 10,499. It is speculated that the new Z9s and Z9s Pro will be priced in the sub-Rs. 30,000 segment. In our iQoo Z9 review, we found the product to be a reliable mid-range device, and at its price, it offered excellent design, display, performance, and battery life. The Z9 also offered an IP54 rating, a highlight of the device at that price. Stay tuned to Gadgets 360 for more details on the upcoming iQoo Z9s series. iQoo Z9 Review


iQoo Z9 Turbo, iQoo Z9, iQoo Z9x Launched: Check Price, Specifications 




title = "Pixel 9 Pro Fold’s Leaked Display Dimensions Suggest Rectangular Form Factor With Tall Cover Screen" ,  Google's upcoming foldable may disappoint fans of the original Pixel Fold with its new dimensions. From the very first renders that leaked out, it was clear that Google was taking another design approach for its next book-style foldable, which is now official as the ‘Pixel 9 Pro Fold'. With the new moniker also comes a new design which Google recently made official via a teaser campaign for its upcoming Pixel 9 series launch, which will take place on 13 August. Now, a new leak has suggested the exact dimensions for the upcoming foldable's displays. The currently available Pixel Fold's unique design allows its main display to open up into a perfectly rectangular tablet-like layout which needs no reorientation (like the competition) to run tablet mode-supported apps (like Keep, Gmail etc.) in split-screen. While this layout was favourable for users seeking a wide-screen orientation for watching videos or for apps, it did make the cover screen unusually broad for one-handed use. Pixel 9 Pro Fold Display Specifications (Rumoured) While we will know the exact reason for this at launch, the new Pixel 9 Pro Fold, is said to get a more squarish main display when unfolded. While we have seen these in earlier leaked renders, Android Authority (via its source inside Google) has now leaked what it claims to be are the exact dimensions of the upcoming Pixel 9 Pro Fold's displays. OnePlus Open Review: Raising the Bar Potential Pixel Fold upgraders will be happy to know that it's not exactly a squarish main display (which creates letterboxing issues when viewing video) like on the OnePlus Open. The Pixel 9 Pro Fold's main display is said to have a slightly rectangular aspect ratio and will measure 8.0-inches across with a resolution of 2,152 x 2,076 pixels with a 120Hz screen refresh rate and a claimed brightness of 1,600 nits. The cover display is tipped to move from a shorter and wider (passport) sized form factor to a taller one with a 6.24-inch display with a 1,080 x 2,424 pixels resolution and a 120Hz refresh rate. It will have a claimed brightness of 1,800 nits. Both displays are said to be capable of displaying HDR content. This makes the upcoming Pixel Fold 9 Pro fit somewhere in between the OnePlus Open and the recently unveiled Vivo X Fold 3 Pro. Since it appears more rectangular than the OnePlus Open's squarish aspect ratio. It may end up being a smaller Vivo X Fold 3 Pro instead given its slightly smaller display dimensions. Indeed, this means that the broad cover display of the Pixel Fold is no more and users can expect something a lot taller like the X Fold 3 Pro (but with wider corner cutouts) . This falls perfectly in line with previously leaked images of the Pixel 9 Pro Fold by the same source. Vivo X Fold 3 Pro Review Indeed, fans of the currently available Pixel Fold may not like the new form factor, but we can expect better things from the new model like an improved hinge, with better durability, brighter displays and the obvious AI enhancements that Google has been teasing over the past week. Fans of the Pixel brand in India will also be happy to know that Google is bringing its 2nd generation foldable to India. Which should also spice things up for Samsung's recently launched Galaxy Z Fold 6 this year, given that there are two new players (OnePlus and Vivo) in the market already. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Ferrari Expands Crypto Payments Support to Europe Due to ‘Evolving Client Needs’" ,  Ferrari will allow customers in Europe to make payments for car purchases through cryptocurrencies. In an official statement released on Friday, the Italian luxury carmaker noted that the needs of its clients have evolved over time, and that people are opting for newer payment technologies that suit their convenience. According to Ferrari, most of its dealers located across Europe have already started adopting crypto-based payment systems while others are also preparing to accept digital assets as payment. Ferrari to Accept Crypto Payments in Europe Ferrari dealers will start accepting crypto payments in Europe by the end of July, as per its statement. To allow payments for its cars through crypto assets, the carmaker said it identified nations where crypto-related laws are clearly defined and Europe was one of these countries. Europe's MiCA regulations that govern the crypto industry are designed to ensure that businesses involved in this volatile and financially risky sector are officially registered, regularly audited, and aware of suspicious transactions. The rules also aim to ensure that high-end businesses like Ferrari, that are exploring crypto-based changes into their internal financial systems, do not engage with unethical or questionable crypto services, which could pose financial threats to the companies as well as their clients. WazirX Contacts Projects Linked With Stolen Tokens Amid Recovery Attempts The 85-year-old company said in its blog that it is leveraging the expertise of multiple companies from the crypto payment sector to make sure all transactions are secure. As of now, the automaker has not disclosed which crypto firms it has partnered with in Europe to facilitate and process crypto payments. “These will facilitate dealers in accepting payments without the need to manage cryptocurrencies directly, as these will be converted immediately into traditional currency,” Ferrari said. “The providers' solutions will also allow for the verification of the source of funds and protect transactions from price fluctuations related to exchange rates.” Ferrari's History With Crypto Ferrari first approved crypto payments for its cars in the US, back in October 2023. BitPay, that provides crypto-to-fiat payment services, was chosen as Ferrari's payment partner in the US. The Maranello, Italy-based carmaker accepts crypto payments in Bitcoin, Ether, Dogecoin and USD Coin in the US. For now, its list of acceptable cryptocurrencies for payments in Europe remains awaited. US SEC Approves Ether ETF Trading on Stock Exchanges While the company has never disclosed details about its experience with crypto purchases in these nine months, the system seems to have worked out well enough for the company to expand this crypto payment option to Europe. “By the end of 2024, Ferrari will expand cryptocurrency transactions to other countries in its international dealer network, where cryptocurrencies are legally accepted,” the company said in the blog post. In 2021, Elon Musk's Tesla briefly accepted BTC payments for its electric cars but later discontinued the practice citing environmental damage linked to BTC mining. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iPhone 18 Tipped to Sport 48-Megapixel Ultra-Wide Camera Sensor Manufactured by Samsung" ,  Apple may turn to Samsung to source camera sensors for its iPhone 18 series, according to claims by an industry analyst. At present, Sony is the iPhone maker's primary supplier of CMOS image sensors (CIS) but that could change when the iPhone 18 series launches, speculated to be sometime in 2026. Notably, Apple is also rumoured to launch a foldable iPhone alongside the iPhone 18 series, adopting a clamshell design which may be similar to Samsung's Galaxy Z Flip series. iPhone 18 Camera Leak According to a post on X (formerly Twitter) by TF International Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple will source the ultra-wide camera for its purported iPhone 18 series from Samsung. It is speculated to be a 1/2.6-inch 48-megapixel ultra-wide sensor. This move is said to “break” Sony's monopoly when it comes to supplying CIS sensors to Apple. To make sure the supply does not fall short, Samsung has established a dedicated team catering to Apple, Kuo suggested. However, the analyst did not reveal if changes would be coming to the primary and telephoto sensors on the iPhone 18. iPhone SE 4 Price, Launch Timeline Tipped; May Get A18 SoC, OLED Screen This development builds upon reports that the Cupertino-based technology company is looking to bolster the camera systems on its smartphones. It has already been reported that Apple's upcoming iPhone 16 Pro could feature the 5X telephoto lens which it debuted with the iPhone 15 Pro Max last year. Additionally, the 12-megapixel ultra-wide shooter could be bumped up to 48 megapixels. A previous report suggested that iPhone 17, which is speculated to come out next year, may sport a “mechanical system” for controlling the camera aperture. If it comes to fruition, it could allow the iPhone camera to create a better depth of field for achieving the bokeh effect. Foldable iPhone On the Cards Apart from camera improvements, Apple is also said to be developing plans for a foldable iPhone model that may debut with the iPhone 18 series in 2026. Unlike book-style foldable smartphones popular today, such as the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and OnePlus Open, Apple's purported device could adopt a clamshell design. iPhone 17, iPhone 17 Pro, iPhone SE 4 Specifications, Launch Timelines Tipped


iPhone 16 Shipments in 2024 May be Similar to iPhone 15: Ming-Chi Kuo Kuo believes that this smartphone has an internal codename “V68”, and it has moved past the conceptual stage. The purported foldable iPhone may be an “official product in development with suppliers”. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Western Digital Announces 6TB 2.5-Inch Portable Hard Disk Drive in India" ,  Western Digital has expanded its WD, WD Black, and SanDisk product lineup in India. The California-based computer drive manufacturer has introduced the WD My Passport portable hard disk drives (HDDs) line and SanDisk G-Drive ArmorATD in 6TB capacities in the country. These are advertised to be the first 2.5-inch portable HDDs ever offered in a 6TB capacity globally. The WD My Passport hard drive lineup offers password protection with 256-bit AES hardware encryption. The SanDisk G-Drive ArmorATD drive has IP54-rated dust and water resistance build. With the latest offering, the brand aims to provide robust and tailored storage solutions for users. Western Digital 6TB My Passport, 6TB SanDisk G-Drive ArmorATD price, availability The 6TB WD My Passport is priced at Rs. 15,499 in India. Meanwhile, the 6TB WD My Passport with USB Type-C comes with a price tag of Rs. 15,999. The WD Elements 6TB is priced at Rs. 15,299. All three products are currently available for purchase through Western Digital retailers, retailers and Western Digital Store. Finally, the 6TB WD SanDisk G-Drive ArmorATD is priced at Rs. 20,999. It will go on sale by the end of July through select Western Digital retailers, retailers and on the Western Digital Store. Budget 2024: Key Announcements Related to Technology in India Western Digital 6TB My Passport, 6TB SanDisk G-Drive ArmorATD specifications The 6TB WD My Passport offers a USB 3.2 Gen 1 and USB 2.0 interface, while the 6TB WD My Passport which works with USB Type-C comes with USB 3.2 Gen 1 interface. Both models have a limited warranty of three years. They feature the company's in-house software to add an extra layer of security with password protection and built-in 256-bit AES encryption. They offer easy backup and defence against ransomware through the included Acronis True Image for Western Digital software. They offer a transfer rate of up to 5Gb/s. The My Passport Ultra features USB Type-C technology and a metal design with the same 256-bit AES hardware encryption. It has a slim design. Meanwhile, the 6TB SanDisk G-Drive ArmorATD has a rugged design with an IP54 rain and dust rating and offers crush resistance up to 1000lbs. It has a 2.5-inch form factor and it is advertised as the world's first 2.5-inch 6TB portable hard drive. It offers a USB 3.2 Gen 1 and Thunderbolt 3 interfaces and supports a transfer rate of up to 5Gb/s through a USB Type-C connector. It also has a three-year limited warranty. All new models are compatible with devices running on macOS 11+ and Windows 10 and above.   




title = "Xbox Game Pass Tipped to Add Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy Next Month" ,  It's been a busy few days for Xbox Game Pass. Microsoft added Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 to the game subscription service on Thursday. Now, the company is said to be planning on bringing Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy to Game Pass next month. A reliable leaker has claimed that the trilogy will be available on the service starting August 8. Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy on Game Pass The information comes from tipster @eXtas1stv, who has previously leaked Game Pass additions that were later confirmed by Microsoft. Earlier this week, the leaker claimed that Modern Warfare 3 would arrive on Game Pass on July 24, before Microsoft confirmed the same. In a post on X Wednesday, @eXtas1stv claimed that Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy will be added to Game Pass on August 8. Microsoft has not yet confirmed the title for the service. The company added the Crash Bandicoot to its portfolio of titles when it acquired publisher Activision, which owns the franchise, last year. Crash Bandicoot for Nintendo Switch Is 90s Nostalgia In Your Hands 🔥👀 100% CONFIRMADO 🔴📌 Crash Bandicoot n sane trilogy estará disponible en Gamepass el 8 de Agosto de 2024.Paso a recordarlo porque no puse tweet individual de ello y quizás algunos no han visto el video donde lo mencioné, me doy el lujazo de confirmarlo también. pic.twitter.com/gme4ilOqnX— eXtas1s 🎮 Noticias & Rumores (@eXtas1stv) July 23, 2024 Released in 2017, Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy includes the remastered versions of the first three games in the series — Crash Bandicoot, Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back and Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped. The trilogy initially launched on PS4, before making its way to Nintendo Switch, PC and Xbox One. Call of Duty on Game Pass Microsoft announced Tuesday that it was adding Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 to Game Pass on July 24. The latest Call of Duty title will be available on Game Pass for Console, PC Game Pass and Game Pass Ultimate. Xbox Game Pass Prices Are Getting Another Hike While Modern Warfare 3 is now the first COD game on Game Pass, the next instalment in the franchise, Black Ops 6, is set to become the first Call of Duty title to launch on the service day one. Microsoft confirmed in May that Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 will be available on Xbox Game Pass when it launches October 25. Earlier this month, Microsoft hiked the pricing for Game Pass across tiers and territories and introduced a new ‘Standard' tier that will not include new titles on launch date. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Maps Updated With Flyover Callouts, Electric Vehicle Charging Stations and More" ,  Google Maps has been updated with support for new features that are aimed at improving the navigation experience on the service and finding electric vehicle (EV) charging stations. On Thursday, Google announced new features that are coming to its mobile apps that will help users prepare for upcoming flyovers, help four-wheeler drivers navigate smaller roads, and allow EV drivers to locate the nearest charging station. Meanwhile, users will also be able to book metro tickets from the Google Maps app, and the process of reporting road incidents has also been simplified on the app. Here are the new features coming to Google Maps, along with details of how they work, and when you can expect them to roll out in your city. Google Maps Flyover Callouts Feature In order to help users prepare for upcoming flyovers while driving in city traffic, Google Maps has been updated with a new flyover callouts feature. The company says that the feature is designed to eliminate the need to make decisions about taking a flyover, or using the road below, when driving in a relatively new region. Apple Maps Gets a Web Interface in Public Beta With These Features  Flyover callouts on Google MapsPhoto Credit: Google  Users with Android smartphones or Android Auto units should see the new flyover callouts feature as soon as this week, and it will be available in 40 cities in the country to begin with. Both two-wheeler and four-wheeler navigation routes will display these callouts, according to the company. iOS and CarPlay users will have to wait — there's no release date for the feature on these platforms. Apple Maps Gets a Web Interface in Public Beta With These Features EV Charging Stations on Google Maps Google Maps now displays information related to EV charging stations across the country, and these details will also be displayed on the company's search results. Drivers will be able to see what plug types are supported at the charging station, as well as check whether the station is open with real-time availability. The company has partnered with four EV charging providers — Ather, ElectricPe, Kazam, and Statiq — to source the relevant information for over 8,000 charging stations in the country. It is also the first time that Google is offering details about EV charging stations for two-wheelers in the world. The company is expected to reveal additional details related to availability in the future. AI-Powered Narrow Road Estimation Google is introducing a new AI-powered navigation feature that will estimate the width of smaller roads, which will inform four-wheeler drivers about the possibility of congested roads. The company says that it developed an AI model that uses information such as satellite imagery, information about specific roads, known distance between buildings, footpaths, and even Street View data in order to identify narrow roads. Google Maps Live Activities Support Starts Rolling Out to More Users  Narrow road estimation (left) and metro ticket booking on Google MapsPhoto Credit: Google  By informing users about narrow roads in advance, Google Maps should be able to help four-wheeler drivers take alternative routes that are less congested, whenever possible. The new narrow road estimation feature is rolling out to users on Android devices in Bengaluru, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar, Chennai, Coimbatore, Hyderabad, Indore, and Guwahati. Support for iOS devices and other cities will arrive at a later date. Google Maps Update Begins Rolling Out to Users With This Redesigned Layout Metro Ticket Booking on Google Maps Commuters will be able to book metro tickets on Google Maps, and the company has partnered with ONDC and Namma Yatri to enable the functionality on its navigation app. Users can book tickets while traveling on metro lines in Kochi and Chennai, according to the company. While using the Google Maps app to check public transport directions in these cities, users will see a booking option that allows them to select the journey details and make the payment inside the app, eliminating the need to stand in line for a ticket at the station. Curated Lists and Easier Road Incident Reporting Earlier this year, Google announced that it is making it easier for users to access recommendations and curated lists, along with collaborative options like the ability to add itinerary information and recommendations via the lists feature. These features are also available to users in India, the company said on Thursday. Maps users can also react to suggestions using emoji, which could help in building consensus while planning a trip. Google Maps Could Make Travelling to Same Destination Easier for Groups


Google Maps to Show EV Charging Stations, Public Transport Options Soon Road incident reporting has also been improved on Google Maps, and the company says that it has streamlined the process of reporting an accident or repairs and construction work on a road, which means less time is spent looking at the screen. Unlike the narrow roads feature and flyover callouts feature, the improved road incident reporting process is available on all mobile and automotive platforms. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Vivo V40 SE 4G With 50-Megapixel Main Camera, 80W Fast Charging Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  Vivo V40 SE 4G has been launched in the Czech Republic. The phone is powered by an octa-core Snapdragon chipset and is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for wired fast charging. It carries a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit and has an IP54-rated build. The handset joins the Vivo V40 SE 5G, Vivo V40 Lite 5G, and the Vivo V40 Lite 5G in the country. The company has yet to confirm if the new 4G variant of the Vivo V40 SE will be introduced in other markets. Notably, the base Vivo V40 and V40 Pro are confirmed to launch in India soon. Vivo V40 SE 4G price The Vivo V40 SE 4G starts in the Czech Republic at CKZ 4,999 (roughly Rs. 17,800) for the 8GB + 128GB option, while the 8GB + 256GB variant is priced at CKZ 5,999 (roughly Rs. 21,400). The phone is offered in two colour options — Crystal Black and Leather Purple (translated from Czech). Vivo V40 SE 4G specifications, features The Vivo V40 SE 4G sports a 6.67-inch full-HD+ AMOLED screen with up to 120Hz refresh rate and 394 ppi pixel density. The handset is powered by a 6nm octa-core Snapdragon 685 chipset paired with 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM and up to 256GB of UFS 2.2 onboard storage. The RAM can be extended virtually up to an additional 8GB and the storage can be expanded using a microSD card to up to 1TB. It also ships with Android 14-based FuntouchOS 14. Vivo V40 SE 5G With Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC, 44W Charging Listed Online For optics, the Vivo V40 SE 4G carries a dual rear camera unit which includes a 50-megapixel main sensor and a 2-megapixel secondary sensor. The front camera of the handset is equipped with an 8-megapixel sensor. Vivo V40, V40 Pro Design, Camera Details Revealed Ahead of Launch in India


Vivo V40 Series Tipped to Launch in India Soon The Vivo V40 SE 4G is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 80W wired fast charging support. The phone also supports Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.0, GPS and USB Type-C connectivity. It comes with an IP54 rating for dust and splash resistance. For security, it is equipped with an optical fingerprint sensor. 




title = "AltStore PAL Rolls Out Support for Sideloading Third-Party Apps on iPhone in the EU" ,  AltStore PAL – the alternative app marketplace for the iPhone – is rolling out support for hosting third-party apps, it announced via a social media post on Wednesday. With the app's latest update, users in the European Union (EU) can sideload apps on their iPhone from other developers by adding sources, including those that are not allowed on Apple's App Store due to its regulations. AltStore PAL is initially offering four new default third-party apps for users to download. AltStore PAL Third-Party Apps In a post on the decentralised social media platform Mastodon, the official AltStore account announced the app marketplace's 2.1 update. It brings third-party apps to the store, starting with four apps from “Recommended Sources”: UTM SE, qBitControl, iTorrent, and PeopleDrop. As per the platform, users can now add more sources to AltStore PAL, in addition to the apps offered by its developer – Riley Testut. The new apps are claimed to have been “explicitly reviewed” to meet the safety standards.  Third-Party App Sources on AltStore PALPhoto Credit: Mastodon/AltStore PAL While UTM SE enables running virtual machines on the iPhone, qBitControl is said to let users run torrents remotely on their home network. iTorrent is another torrent app which brings features like Files app support and downloading P2P files. Meanwhile, using PeopleDrop, iPhone users can discover others in their vicinity, similar to the StreetPass feature on Nintendo 3DS. These apps join existing ones including Delta, the retro video game console emulator, and clipboard manager Clip on the AltStore PAL. The developer says the app marketplace will get updated to the latest version in the background. Users simply need to add the third-party developers from the Sources tab and the new apps will show up on the Browse screen. This move builds upon the EU's Digital Markets Act (DMA) legislation which allows users in the region to sideload apps on their iPhone from alternative marketplaces, instead of just depending on the Apple App Store. In essence, the DMA requires big technology companies, who act as “gatekeepers”, to offer their services to other companies and developers. Apple Maps Gets a Web Interface in Public Beta With These Features


Apple Watch For Your Kids Is Now Available to Users in India


iOS 18 Developer Beta 4 Update Brings RCS Support to These Regions While Apple App Store head Phil Schiller spoke at length about the privacy and security risks linked to allowing third-party app stores on iPhone in February, several marketplaces have emerged since the EU's decision, including MacPaw's Setapp. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple Maps Web Beta With Support for Directions, Guides and Search Rolled Out via Public Beta" ,  Apple Maps was rolled out on the web via a public beta on Wednesday. Users can now access directions, check routes, explore business listings and see phone numbers and addresses from their browsers on smartphones and desktops. Apple says Maps on the web is currently available on limited languages and platforms, and support will be expanded in the coming months. The app was recently updated with custom 3D landmarks in Paris ahead of the 2024 Summer Olympics which is set to commence on July 26. Apple Maps Web Interface Beta Rolled Out In a blog post, the company revealed that Apple Maps on the web is now available in public beta. It can be accessed by visiting the URL beta.maps.apple.com. It carries the same functionality as the Apple Maps app on the company's devices, enabling users to find directions, explore places, check and post reviews, shop and eat by finding places near them. The application is confirmed to get more features in the future, including ‘Look Around'.  Apple Maps on the web Apple launched Maps in 2012 on the iPhone as a competitor to Google Maps. Since then, the platform has been updated with features and improvements, including offline navigation, multi-stop routes, detailed maps of cities, cycling directions, and routes friendly for electric vehicles (EVs). Until now, it was unofficially available on the web via the Maps API used by developers. However, it has now been officially rolled out in the beta phase. According to Apple, all developers, including those using MapKit JS API, can link Maps on the web for users to get driving directions, explore places and more. This Javascript-based API lets developers embed interactive maps into their websites across platforms such as Android and iOS. Google Maps, its biggest rival, received a web interface in February 2005. It was introduced on a mobile platform in 2008 with the arrival of Google Maps for Android. Apple Watch For Your Kids Is Now Available to Users in India


iOS 18 Developer Beta 4 Update Brings RCS Support to These Regions


Apple Vision Pro Gets New Immersive Video Content: See Availability Apple Maps Web Interface Availability Apple says Maps on the web is currently only available in the English language. It is compatible with Google Chrome and Safari on iPad and Mac, and Edge and Chromium-based browsers on Windows devices. The iPhone maker has confirmed that it will roll out support for additional languages, more browsers and other platforms in the future. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Motorola Edge 50 5G Design Renders, Specifications Leaked Online; Might Arrive in Three Colour Options" ,  Motorola is gearing up to announce a new handset in India, and the Lenovo-owned brand is teasing its arrival via social media. While Motorola is yet to reveal the name and launch date of the upcoming phone, a new leak suggests that it will be called Motorola Edge 50 5G. A tipster has also shared a set of purported renders of the phone that suggest the upcoming Motorola Edge 50 5G could be released in three colour options. It is likely to feature a triple rear camera system. Tipster Sudhanshu Ambhore (@Sudhanshu1414) in collaboration with 91Mobiles Hindi has leaked the details of the upcoming Motorola Edge 50 5G, stating that it is the same handset that the company is teasing via social media. Motorola is yet to reveal the name of the smartphone, which is claimed to be the world's slimmest phone with MIL-STD-810 certification for military-grade durability. Leaked renders of Motorola Edge 50 5G shared by the tipster show the upcoming handset in green, grey and peach colours. It appears to have curved edges with minimal bezels and a hole-punch cutout on the display housing the selfie camera. Moto G85 5G Goes on Sale in India for the First Time: See Launch Offers A triple camera setup is seen arranged in the upper left corner of its rear panel, alongside the LED flash. The camera island appears to be slightly raised, and the Motorola batwing logo is seen at the centre of the rear panel. Further, the right spine of the handset appears to house the power and volume buttons. Motorola Edge 50 5G Specifications (Leaked) The Motorola Edge 50 5G is expected to sport a 6.4-inch pOLED display with 120Hz refresh rate. It is likely to run on MediaTek Dimensity 7300 chipset. The triple rear camera setup of the phone is tipped to include a 50-megapixel primary camera. Motorola is likely to pack a 32-megapixel selfie camera on the Motorola Edge 50. It is expected to feature a 4,400mAh battery with 68W fast charging support. It is likely to go official in India in August. Moto G85 5G With Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC Debuts in India    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo A3X 5G Design, Key Specifications Leaked via China Telecom Listing: Report" ,  Oppo A3X 5G is expected to launch in China soon. The handset has previously been spotted on several certification and benchmarking websites. Now, the phone has reportedly appeared on the China Telecom database. The listing has revealed the design of the purported smartphone and some of its key features. The handset is expected to join the existing Oppo A3 and Oppo A3 Pro models in the country. A recent report suggested that the Oppo A3X 5G may arrive in the Indian markets soon. Oppo A3X 5G Design (Leaked) According to a Gizmochina report, the Oppo A3X 5G's design and key features were spotted on the China Telecom website. The image used in the report shows that the purported smartphone has a slightly raised, elliptical camera module placed vertically at the top left corner of the rear panel. It holds two circular camera units and one LED flash unit. The phone is seen in a purple shade with a matte finish, but the camera island appears glossy. The front of the Oppo A3X 5G, as per the image shown in the report, has a centred hole-punch top at the top of the display for the selfie camera. It is seen with thin bezels on the left and right edges, with a relatively thicker chin. The power button and volume rocker appear on the right edge of the phone. Oppo A3X 5G Could Launch in India Soon With Dimensity 7300 SoC The Oppo A3X 5G will be offered in three colourways — Cloud Feather Pink, Purple and Starlight White, according to the listing. The handset is also likely to measure 165.79 x 76.14 x 7.68mm in size and weigh 185.7g. Oppo A3X 5G Specifications (Leaked) The listing for the handset on the regulatory website also reveals that the Oppo A3X 5G will sport a 6.67-inch LCD screen with 1,600 x 720 pixels resolution. It is expected to arrive in three RAM and storage configurations — 4GB+128GB, 6GB+128GB, and 8GB+256GB. An earlier Geekbench listing suggested that the phone could be powered by a Snapdragon 680 chipset and run on Android 14. Oppo A3 Pro With Dimensity 7050 Chipset, IP69 Rating Launched: See Price


Oppo A3 With Snapdragon 695 5G SoC, 5,000mAh Battery Debuts For optics, the Oppo A3X 5G is likely to feature a 32-megapixel main rear camera alongside a 2-megapixel secondary sensor and an 8-megapixel front camera sensor. The phone is expected to pack a 5,100mAh battery. It is also expected to support Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and USB Type-C connectivity, and will also be equipped with a 3.5mm audio jack, according to the listing. 




title = "Vivo V40, V40 Pro Design, Colour Options and Camera Details Confirmed Ahead of Upcoming Launch in India" ,  Vivo V40 series has been teased by the company and will be launched in India soon. Recent reports hinted at the arrival of the smartphones in the country and now the firm has revealed the design and colour options of the handsets. It will include a base Vivo V40 and a Vivo V40 Pro variant, succeeding the Vivo V30 and the Vivo V30 Pro, that were launched in India in March. The company has also confirmed the key features of the Pro version including its camera and battery details. Vivo V40, Vivo V40 Pro Design, Colour Options The Vivo V40 and the Vivo V40 Pro are teased to get similar designs, as seen in an official microsite. However, the Pro variant is shown to feature a triple rear camera unit, while the vanilla option is likely to get only two rear cameras. The image of the standard model shows a round camera module with two lenses and the Zeiss logo. An adjoined elliptical island holds the third sensor in the Pro version and the Aura Light unit, while the base model has only the latter. Vivo V40, V40 Pro With Get Zeiss Optics Cameras May Launch in India Soon The base Vivo V40 will be offered in three colour options — Ganges Blue, Lotus Purple and Titanium Grey. The Pro variant will come in Ganges Blue and Titanium Grey shades only. Notably, a banner on Flipkart confirms the eventual availability of the handsets on the e-commerce site.  Vivo V40 series Flipkart banner  Vivo V40 Pro Specifications (Expected) According to the official microsite, the Vivo V40 Pro is teased to feature a slim design and "comprehensive cushioning" structure which is claimed to protect the handset against bumps and knocks from all angles. It will also have an IP68-rated build for dust and water resistance. The phone is also confirmed to pack a 5,500mAh battery. Vivo V40 Series Tipped to Launch in India Soon


Vivo V40 SE 5G With Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC, 44W Charging Listed Online For optics, the Vivo V40 Pro will sport a 50-megapixel Sony IMX921 main sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support alongside a 50-megapixel Sony IMX816 telephoto shooter with up to 2x optical zoom and a 50-megapixel ultrawide camera. The front camera will also have a 50-megapixel sensor. The cameras on the handset are also expected to feature Zeiss optics.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Production to Begin in August; Launch Expected in October, Analyst Says" ,  Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 series is speculated to launch later this year, building upon the debut of the company's flagship foldable smartphones at the Galaxy Unpacked event earlier this month. The production of the firm's upcoming tablets could begin next month, according to claims by a market analyst. Notably, a recent report suggested that Samsung may unveil its Galaxy Tab S10 series, comprising two models, in October. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Production In a post on X (formerly Twitter), Display Supply Chain Consultants (DSCC) CEO Ross Young claims that Samsung will kick off the production of its Tab S10 series in August. Young also corroborated previous leaks which suggested that only two models could debut this year — the Galaxy Tab S10 Plus and Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra, with Samsung reportedly expected to ditch the base tablet model. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Plus and S10 Ultra are expected to begin production in August, consistent with October launch rumors. Colors are Gray and Silver for each.— Ross Young (@DSCCRoss) July 22, 2024 Both tablets may be available in two colourways: grey and silver, according to the analyst. In addition to the production timeline, Young also states that Samsung could launch the Galaxy Tab S10 series in October, corroborating a claim by journalist Max Jambor, who previously suggested the devices would arrive that month. No other details related to the launch of the tablets were provided by Young. However, previous leaks have revealed substantial information about Samsung's upcoming tablets. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Specifications (Expected) Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Plus and Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra will reportedly sport large AMOLED screens that are at least 12 inches in size. Benchmark sightings of the Tab S10 Plus suggest it may be powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset paired with 12GB of RAM. The tablet may run on Android 14 out of the box and come with model number SM-X828U. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Watch 7 Series, More Go on Sale in India Today


Samsung to Bring AI Features From the Galaxy Z Flip 6 to These Older Models


Samsung Could Make ‘Radically Different’ AI Smartphones In the Future Meanwhile, the Samsung Galaxy S10 Ultra may be equipped with a 14.6-inch AMOLED screen, similar to the existing model. The tablet's leaked renders were also spotted recently, hinting at an unchanged design. It is speculated to retain the quad-speaker setup with sound by AKG, while the S-Pen may still be magnetically attachable at the back of the tablet. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Activision Sold AI-Generated Call of Duty Cosmetic, Approved AI Use That Led to Layoffs: Report" ,  Activision reportedly utilised generative artificial intelligence (AI) to create an in-game cosmetic for its latest Call of Duty title and made it available for purchase in late 2023. The Call of Duty maker is said to have approved the use of generative AI tools like Midjourney and Stable Diffusion to help create concept art for its games early last year. By July, the company had obtained access to OpenAI's GPT-3.5 model and greenlit wider AI use to generate concept art, marketing material and more. The revelations come as part of a wide-ranging Wired investigation over the growing presence of generative AI in video game development, that has reportedly led to the loss of several jobs in the sector. According to the report, after approving the use of generative AI in game development last year, Activision told its artists that AI tools would only be used to create internal concepts for its titles and not “final game assets.” By the end of 2023, however, the company reportedly put up an AI-generated cosmetic for Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 for sale on the game's online store. Ubisoft Looks at AI, VR as the ‘Next Big Thing’ in Gaming While the report does not mention the specifics of AI use that went into creating the cosmetic, it includes a link to the in-game item still available on the Call of Duty store. The AI-generated cosmetic, as per the report, is the Yokai's Wrath bundle, which includes a player skin, a firearm blueprint, a calling card, a sticker and a loading screen image. The items, released in December 2023, cost 1,500 COD points on the store — the in-game virtual currency amounts to about $15 or roughly Rs. 1,255. The Yokai player skin included in the Yokai's Wrath bundlePhoto Credit: Activision In addition to assurances about restrained use of generative AI, Activision had also told its artists that AI adoption would not result in the loss of actual human jobs, as per the report. After releasing the AI-generated Call of Duty cosmetic on the store in December, however, Microsoft announced that it was eliminating 1,900 jobs at newly acquired Activision-Blizzard and the Xbox division. According to the report, one of the teams affected by the layoffs were 2D artists. Microsoft's Xbox Could Soon Get an AI-Powered Chatbot “A lot of 2D artists were laid off,” the report quoted an Activision artist anonymously as saying. “Remaining concept artists were then forced to use AI to aid their work,” they added. As per the report, Activision staffers were also asked to sign up for AI training. In January, Microsoft said it was laying off 1.900 employees at Activision-Blizzard and Xbox, with the redundancies representing about eight percent of the Microsoft Gaming division. Most of the job cuts reportedly occurred at Activision-Blizzard, which Microsoft acquired last year after a lengthy court battle with the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Job cuts at Sony's PlayStation division, Electronic Arts, Grand Theft Auto maker Take-Two and several other studios have followed. Battlefield 2042 Will Use AI Bots to Fill Up 128-Player Matches: Report AI has made its way into public consciousness and has seen widespread adoption across the technology sector since the launch of OpenAI's ChatGPT chatbot in late 2022. The technology has also found itself at odds with creatives and artists, with AI firms attracting criticism and litigious action over the unlicensed use of content such as online articles, music, art, films, among others, to allegedly train their models. The video games industry, too, has also found it hard to resist the use of AI in game development, with several major studios expressing interest in the technology. Earlier this year in April, Microsoft was reported to be testing a dedicated AI-powered chatbot for its Xbox platform. In November last year, the Xbox parent announced that it was partnering with Inworld AI to create game development tools for Xbox, that would enable developers to create characters and generate entire scripts and quests for games. Microsoft to Lay Off 1,900 Employees at Call of Duty Maker Activision, Xbox


Call of Duty: MW 3 Campaign Sheds Cinematic Set Pieces for Warzone Imitation Last month, Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot, in an interview on the company's website, touted the potential use cases of generative AI in video game development. “I have also been very vocal about the potential I see in generative AI and how it can enrich NPCs to be more intelligent, more interactive,” Guillemot said. “This could potentially extend to animals in the world, to the world itself.” .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "WhatsApp to Get a Major Meta AI Upgrade With Imagine Edit, Llama 3.1 405B Model and More" ,  WhatsApp is set for a major artificial intelligence (AI) upgrade as the Meta AI integrated within the app is getting several new features. The Meta-owned instant messaging platform announced on Tuesday that it will be rolling out new image-generation features and multilingual support for the app's AI assistant. These features will be available for both Android and iOS, but not all of them will be released globally. The Imagine Me feature lets users click a picture of themselves to generate different AI-generated avatars. WhatsApp to get New Meta AI Features In a blog post, WhatsApp highlighted the new AI features it will be getting. The first is the multiple language support. Meta AI is being expanded to a total of 22 countries. The new countries where the AI chatbot will be available include Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru and Cameroon. Additionally, the chatbot is also getting support for several new languages. Earlier, it could only accept prompts and generate responses in English but now it can support French, German, Hindi (both Devanagari and Romanised script), Italian, Portuguese and Spanish languages. The social media giant has confirmed that it will add support for more languages in the coming months. WhatsApp Could Introduce an AirDrop-Like File Sharing Feature on iPhone Coming to the image generation features, Meta AI on WhatsApp will get the Imagine Me feature that will allow users to generate images of themselves in AI-generated settings and styles. For instance, users can generate an image of themselves relaxing at a beach or as an astronaut. This feature will require the user to click a picture first, likely to prevent its misuse for deepfakes. Notably, this feature is rolling out in beta and will be only available in the US. More countries might get it in the near future. Another interesting feature WhatsApp will get is Imagine Edit. This will allow users to take an AI-generated image and make edits to them with text prompts. Users can add, remove, or change objects, backgrounds, and more. For example, after generating an image of a woman walking in the park, the user can ask Meta AI to change the setting to a market or change the outfit of the woman while keeping everything else the same. As per the post, this feature will be rolled out globally. Meta AI Can Now Generate Images of You in Different Styles and Settings


WhatApp May Let Users Pick Unique Usernames via Its Web Client Finally, WhatsApp will also get an app-exclusive feature. Users will see the option to try out the recently released Meta Llama 3.1 405B AI model. The company claims the AI model can better handle complex queries, solve advanced math problems, and write code more efficiently. This feature is also expected to roll out globally, but the company has not confirmed it yet. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iQoo Z9s Series Design Teased, Alleged Model Spotted on Geekbench Ahead of August India Launch" ,  iQoo Z9s series will be introduced in India in August. The company has not yet announced a launch date or confirmed the monikers of the phones in the lineup. However, the company's India head has teased the design of one of the upcoming handsets. Meanwhile, a smartphone, expected to be one of the iQoo Z9s series models, was reportedly spotted on Geekbench. The listing has suggested the chipset, RAM and OS details of the purported phone. It is expected to be a rebadged version of the iQoo Z9 sold in China. iQoo Z9s Series Design The design of one of the iQoo Z9s series handsets has been teased by iQoo India CEO Nipun Marya (@nipunmarya) in an X post. The senior executive did not confirm the moniker of the teased phone. It appears in a white shade with a slight marble-like pattern on the rear panel. Say hello to the first glimpse of our Z9s series smartphone that is #FullyLoadedForTheMegaTaskers. Can you guess its name? #iQOOZ9sSeries pic.twitter.com/v9LKlb117D— Nipun Marya (@nipunmarya) July 24, 2024 The rectangular camera module of the iQoo Z9s phone with a silver border and rounded corners is placed in the top left corner. The volume rocker and power button are seen on the right edge of the handset. iQoo Z9s Series Alleged Geekbench Listing The handset with the model number Vivo I2035 spotted on Geekbench is expected to be one of the iQoo Z9s series handsets, according to a report by MySmartPrice. It is speculated to be the base model. The phone appears with 1,137 and 3,044 points on the single and multi-core tests, respectively. iQoo Z9s Series India Launch Set for August; Rear Design Teased According to the report, and looking at the single and multi-core scores, the handset could be equipped with the Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC and an Adreno 720 GPU. The report adds that this purported base iQoo Z9s could be a rebadged version of the Chinese variant of the iQoo Z9. It is different from the Indian counterpart of the same name, which was launched in India in March. iQoo Z9 Turbo, iQoo Z9, iQoo Z9x Launched: Check Price, Specifications


iQoo Z9 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 7200 5G SoC Goes Official in India In China, the iQoo Z9 comes with a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC and a 6,000mAh battery with 80W fast charging support. It sports a 6.78-inch full-HD+ AMOLED screen, a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-600 main sensor as well as a 16-megapixel selfie shooter.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Intelligence Could Help Users Generate AI Artwork for Apple Music Playlists: Report" ,  Apple Intelligence — the suite of artificial intelligence (AI) features coming to a handful of eligible devices next year — could power a novel feature on Apple Music, the company's music streaming service. Introduced at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10, Apple Intelligence is expected to enable several other AI features on iOS 18 and macOS Sequoia. Although multiple developer beta updates have been introduced till now, none of them have brought access to these AI features. Now, code discovered in the recently released iOS 18 Developer Beta 4 update hints at a new feature which Apple did not showcase – the ability to create AI album art for Apple Music playlists. Apple Working on AI Images for Apple Music Playlists 9to5Mac spotted code on iOS 18 Developer Beta 4 that was released on Tuesday, that contains strings referencing a feature that lets users generate AI artworks for playlists on Apple Music. It is speculated to arrive in the form of a Create Image button that is displayed while editing an existing playlist. According to the publication, tapping the button will open up Image Playground — the company's text-to-image AI tool which is part of Apple Intelligence. When invoked, the iPhone could ask the user what kind of image they wish to generate, presenting options such as animation, illustration or sketch. This is merely speculation, however, as Apple is yet to confirm the presence of such a feature on iOS 18. Apple Watch For Your Kids Is Now Available to Users in India The AI feature is reportedly under development and is not available to beta testers. Apple first announced that eligible devices in a few languages would get support for Apple Intelligence later this year, but Bloomberg's Mark Gurman recently suggested that these features — including the various Siri upgrades revealed by Apple — may be delayed until 2025. In his newsletter, Gurman claimed that the iPhone maker is targeting Spring 2025 for its release, while Apple has yet to reveal when it will roll out these features to users. The journalist has also revealed that the Cupertino-based technology firm could release Apple Intelligence features to developers for testing and debugging via the iOS 18.4 update in January 2025. iOS 18 Developer Beta 4 Update Brings RCS Support to These Regions


iPhone 16 Shipments in 2024 May be Similar to iPhone 15: Ming-Chi Kuo However, the purported delay in the rollout of Apple Intelligence does not necessarily imply that AI features will not be available to iPhone users in 2024. Some of the ones announced by Apple, such as text-generation and formatting tools powered by ChatGPT – OpenAI's popular conversational chatbot — are still expected to be on course for rollout later this year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Infinix Note 40X India Launch Set for August 5, Teased to Feature 108-Megapixel Rear Camera" ,  Infinix Note 40X will launch in India next month, the Chinese smartphone brand confirmed on Wednesday through a press release. The Transsion Holdings subsidiary has shared official images revealing the design and specifications of the new Note series smartphone. Like the recent Note 40 series phones, the upcoming Infinix Note 40X 5G is also confirmed to ship with a 108-megapixel triple rear camera unit. It will be available in three colour options. The Infinix Note 40X will be launched in India on August 5. It is confirmed to be offered in Lime Green, Palm Blue, and Starlit Black colour options. However, the time of the launch event and price details of the phone are unknown at this moment. Infinix Note 40X design, specifications teased As mentioned, the images shared by Infinix suggest that the Note 40X will have a triple camera setup at the rear. They are arranged in a rectangular-shaped camera module alongside an LED flash. It has a glossy finish and the display has a centrally located hole punch cutout to house the selfie shooter. Infinix Note 40 5G Review: Noteworthy Budget Phone The Infinix Note 40X 5G is confirmed to come with a 6.78-inch full HD+ display. It will pack an AI-backed 108-megapixel triple rear camera unit. The camera setup with quad LED ring flash is claimed to offer over 15 camera modes. For selfies, there will be an 8-megapixel front camera with LED flash. Further, the phone will carry a side-mounted fingerprint scanner for authentication. It will feature dual speakers with DTS Audio. As per past leaks, the Infinix Note 40X is said to be powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 5G SoC paired with 8GB of RAM and 256GB of onboard storage. It could house a 5,000mAh battery with 18W fast charging support. It is expected to be priced at around Rs. 10,000 in India. The Infinix Note 40X is expected to come with upgrades over the Infinix Note 40 5G. The latter was launched last month with a starting price tag of Rs. 19,999 for the single 8GB + 256GB option. Infinix Introduces New 720-Degree SphereTech NFC Technology   




title = "WazirX Hack: Crypto Exchange Contacts Projects Associated with Stolen Tokens in Ongoing Recovery Attempts" ,  WazirX was recently breached, and the ensuing loss of funds from a wallet held by the crypto exchange has had a heavy impact on the crypto sector in India. The beleaguered crypto exchange says that it has attempted to identify and recover the stolen funds worth over $230 million (roughly Rs. 1,924 crore) in the last six days since the incident took place on July 18. However, it is facing increasing criticism from users as it is yet to re-enable withdrawal services for customers in the country. A blog post providing daily updates related this hack has provided some insight into WazirX's efforts to recover its funds. The webpage reveals that the exchange's ability to maintain 1:1 collateral with assets has been left deeply impacted in the aftermath of the hack. The exchange has also stated that its WazirX bounty initiative has seen 133 inquiries — this is considerably higher than the number of requests received a day after the bounty was set up. This initiative was announced earlier this week and offers rewards to the hackers who could help WazirX trace and freeze stolen funds. WazirX has also offered $23 million to the hacker in White Hat bounty if the stolen funds are returned. How the Crypto Sector in India Reacted to the Union Budget 2024 The exchange, in addition, has claimed that it is working with law enforcement authorities and seeking help from others from the Web3 community to mitigate the impact of this hack. The hacker — suspected to be from the notorious North Korea-based Lazarus Group —  managed to steal the funds through a total of 203 crypto assets. Ether, Tether, Pepecoin, Gala, Polygon, and Shiba Inu are among tokens that were swiped by the hacker, according to a list that WazirX has shared with Gadgets360. In its blog, WazirX has mentioned that “this incident has affected the Ethereum multi-sig wallet, which consists of ETH and ERC20 tokens.” US SEC Approves Ether ETF Trading on Stock Exchanges On-chain analytics firm QuillAudits claims more tokens that have been stolen from the compromised wallet. These include LINK, SAND, APE, LDO, and USDC among others. WazirX revealed its upcoming plans in a post on X (formerly Twitter) stating that it has contacted projects that control and manage these stolen altcoins as part of the recovery process. These projects are yet to disclosed information on their communication with WazirX or about their participation in assisting the troubled exchange. The exchange has once again reiterated that it is working on resuming withdrawal, deposit, and training services as soon as possible, without providing a definite date when these services will be back online. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition With Dual-Tone Panda Design to Launch in India on July 29" ,  Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition will be launched in India next week. The smartphone is teased to come with a new Panda Design. It is expected to have similar features as the existing Xiaomi 14 Civi version, which was launched in the country in June. The phone is a rebranded version of the Xiaomi Civi 4 Pro, which was unveiled in China in March this year. The upcoming limited edition version of the smartphone will also likely be similar to the Xiaomi Civi 4 Pro limited edition custom colours that are offered in a dual-tone finish. Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition India Launch Date The Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition will launch in India on July 29, the company confirmed in an X post. An official microsite for the same is currently live which claims that the upcoming version will feature a panda design. It is teased to have a dual-tone finish — half mirror glass and half vegan leather. The teaser also suggests that the limited edition variant will be available in blue, pink and white colourways. Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition Specifications (Expected) If the Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition has the same specifications as the standard model, we can expect the handset to be equipped with a 50-megapixel rear camera setup tuned by Leica, along with two front-facing 32-megapixel cameras. Xiaomi 14 Civi With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC Debuts in India: See Price The handset is also likely to feature a quad-curved AMOLED screen with 1.5K resolution and 120Hz refresh rate. The display is expected to offer HDR10+ and Dolby Vision support. Like the standard model, the Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition could also be powered by a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset from Qualcomm, paired with 12GB of LPDDR5X RAM and 512GB of UFS 4.0 inbuilt storage. Xiaomi 14 Civi Review: Homecoming


Xiaomi 14 Civi vs Motorola Edge 50 Ultra vs OnePlus 12R vs Samsung Galaxy A55 The official microsite also confirms that the Xiaomi 14 Civi Limited Edition will be backed by a 4,700mAh battery with support for up to 67W wired Turbo Charging. The handset will measure 7.4mm (thickness) and weigh 177g. The standard version of Xiaomi 14 Civi is priced in India at Rs. 42,999 and Rs. 47,999 for the 8GB + 256GB and 12GB + 512GB variants, respectively. 




title = "Motorola Teases Launch of New Phone in India; Claimed to Be World's Slimmest Phone With MIL-STD-810 Rating" ,  Motorola is gearing up to launch a new smartphone in India soon. The company teased the handset through social media posts without revealing the moniker or exact launch date. It is claimed to be the slimmest phone with MIL-STD-810 certification in the country. The upcoming Motorola device is being speculated to be the Motorola Edge 50 Neo. It is likely to ship with MediaTek Dimensity 7300 SoC and could debut as a successor to last year's Edge 40 Neo. Motorola teases new smartphone launch Through teaser videos on X, Motorola announced the arrival of a new smartphone in the country. The videos are posted with the tagline “Do You Dare to Be Bold”. The Lenovo sub-brand is also teasing the handset through a banner on its India website.  Photo Credit: Motorola  As per an alleged poster by Motorola (via @stufflistings), the upcoming phone will be the world's slimmest phone with military-grade durability of MIL-STD-810. It is claimed to withstand accidental drops, shakes, extreme heat, extreme cold and humidity. The poster confirms Flipkart availability for the device as well. Moto G85 5G With Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC Debuts in India The next motorola phone is right around the corner 👀 pic.twitter.com/PQyzhcmLAO— Mukul Sharma (@stufflistings) July 23, 2024 Although Motorola has not confirmed the moniker yet, it is largely speculated that the Motorola Edge 50 Neo may break cover soon as a successor to the Motorola Edge 40 Neo. The Motorola Edge 50 Neo is expected to come with a 6.4-inch pOLED display with 120Hz refresh rate and Gorilla Glass 3 protection. It is speculated to run on MediaTek Dimensity 7300 SoC. It is expected to be offered in 8GB+256GB and 12GB+512GB RAM and storage options and blue, grey, milk, and Poinciana colourays. Moto G85 5G Goes on Sale in India for the First Time: See Launch Offers To recall, the Motorola Edge 40 Neo was launched in September last year with a starting price tag of Rs. 23,999 for the base 8GB RAM + 128GB storage variant. The top-end model with 12GB RAM + 256GB storage is priced at Rs. 25,999.   




title = "Meta Quest 3 to Soon Get Meta AI Vision and Chatbot Capabilities" ,  Meta Quest 3 will soon be integrated with the company's artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot Meta AI, the company confirmed on Tuesday. The chatbot will become the mixed-reality headset's official AI assistant and will respond to verbal queries. Just like the social media apps by the company, Meta AI on Quest will also be able to look for answers to queries on the web. Additionally, it will also get computer vision-based capabilities and answer queries about the user's surroundings. Notably, Meta AI was added to the Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses in April. Meta AI Comes to Quest 3 In a blog post, the company announced that Meta AI will be rolled out to Quest 3 starting next month. The AI assistant will be available in English in the US and Canada for now. The integration will arrive as part of the Meta Horizon OS. With this update, users will get a hands-free experience of the AI chatbot. The Meta Quest 3 will also get Meta AI vision capabilities. This feature uses the mixed-reality headset's passthrough to see and process the user's surroundings and can then answer queries related to them. For instance, the user can ask the AI to identify a flower or a famous landmark in front of them. Besides this, the user can also ask more complex questions such as holding a t-shirt in front of the headset and asking what would complete the outfit. The company said Meta AI vision will be rolled out in experimental mode next month. Notably, the AI assistant can only recognise physical objects seen through passthrough. It cannot detect virtual objects. While the company only mentioned Quest 3, the feature may also be available for Quest Pro since it also has passthrough capabilities. But it cannot be said for sure until Meta officially announces the support. Quest 2 will not be getting the vision feature, but the Meta AI assistant will be available on it. Meta Releases 'Largest' Llama 3.1 AI Model That Beats OpenAI's GPT-4o


Meta AI Can Now Generate Images of You in Different Styles and Settings


Meta Seeks Patent for This Feature Inspired by the Apple Vision Pro Notably, Quest is not the first wearable by the company to get the hands-free Meta AI integration. In April, the company added Meta AI with vision capabilities to the Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses in select markets. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "WhatsApp Working on AirDrop-Like Nearby File Sharing Feature on iOS: Report" ,  WhatsApp is developing a feature on iOS that lets users share documents, files, media and other content with nearby devices, according to claims by a feature tracker. Its functionality is speculated to be similar to Apple's AirDrop feature, which allows the sharing of content between two Apple devices that are close to each other. This feature is said to be currently under development and is not available to beta testers of WhatsApp for iOS. It is also expected to arrive on WhatsApp for Android. Nearby File Sharing on WhatsApp for iOS According to feature tracker WABetaInfo, the nearby file-sharing feature was first spotted on WhatsApp beta for Android version 2.24.9.22 in April. It has now been spotted in development on WhatsApp beta for iOS version 24.15.10.70 update via the TestFlight program, but is not available to testers who install the latest beta..  Nearby Share Feature on WhatsApp for iOSPhoto Credit: WABetaInfo As per the screenshot shared by the feature tracker, WhatsApp's nearby file-sharing feature may involve the scanning of QR codes to share files between devices. The text suggests it may be dubbed “Nearby Share”. It is speculated to allow users to transfer of documents, files, photos, videos and other data without requiring access to the internet. It is currently unclear whether this feature is different from the one that is in development for the Android version of the app, which relies on detection of nearby devices. The feature tracker also says that the file transfer feature will support end-to-end encryption for secure data transfers. With its arrival, users may be able to share files across platforms, such as across Android and iOS devices. The feature tracker suggests this new functionality is still in development and beta testers who have registered themselves via Apple's TestFlight program may not have access to it yet. WhatsApp Channel Improvements In addition to Nearby Share, WhatsApp for iOS is also speculated to be developing a new way to quickly explore new channels. The Updates tab is said to have received a redesign with the latest beta update, with a new shortcut to discover channels now allegedly appearing. WhatApp May Let Users Pick Unique Usernames via Its Web Client


How Hackers Are Using a Bot to Target Indians in WhatsApp e-Challan Scam


WhatsApp Could Use In-House Technology to Power Auto-Translation Feature The latest update is also reported to bring tweaks to the overall user interface (UI) by moving the create channels option within the navigation bar. This feature is said to be available to beta testers who have installed the WhatsApp for iOS app beta 24.14.10.79 update. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Realme Narzo N61 India Launch Date Set for July 29; to Feature Dual Rear Camera Setup, IP54 Rating" ,  Realme Narzo N61 will launch next week in India, the company confirmed via a media invite and an X (formerly Twitter) post on Wednesday. The Chinese tech brand has revealed the design and specifications of the upcoming phone via social media posts. The latest Narzo series smartphone is confirmed to feature an IP54 rating. The Realme Narzo N61 will be available for purchase in India via Amazon. Other smartphones launched by the company include the Realme Narzo N63 and Realme Narzo N65 5G. Realme Narzo N61 launch date revealed The launch of Realme Narzo N61 will take place at 12:00pm IST on July 29. Realme has teased the design and specifications of the handset via a dedicated landing page on its website. It is seen in black and blue colour options with a dual rear camera setup. It will go on sale via Amazon like other Narzo series siblings — Realme Narzo N65 5G and Narzo 70 series. The Realme Narzo N61 is confirmed to come with an IP54-rated build for protection against dust and water splashes. It will offer ArmorShell Protection and is claimed to have obtained TÜV Rheinland High-Reliability Certificate. Realme GT 6 Debuts in China With Different Chipset, Bigger Battery Like the latest Realme Narzo N65 5G, the upcoming Realme Narzo N61 is confirmed to feature a TÜV SÜD 48-month Fluency certification for smooth performance. It also offers a Rainwater Smart Touch feature to ensure flawless operations while using the device with wet hands. Realme Narzo N63 is the latest Narzo series offering in India. It was unveiled last month with a price tag of Rs. 8,499 for the 4GB + 64GB option. It sports a 6.74-inch HD+ IPS LCD screen with a 90Hz refresh rate and is powered by a Unisoc T612 chipset. It boasts 4GB of LPDDR4X RAM, and up to 128GB on inbuilt storage. Realme Narzo N65 5G With Dual Rear Cameras Debuts in India: See Price The affordable Realme Narzo N63 has a 50-megapixel AI-backed rear camera and an 8-megapixel selfie shooter. It also offers IP54 rating for dust and splash resistance and is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for 45W fast charging. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Meta AI Upgraded With New Image Generation Capabilities and Support for Multiple Languages" ,  Meta AI received a significant update on Tuesday that expands both its capabilities and availability. The artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot which is available within WhatsApp, Instagram, and Facebook is being rolled out to users in more regions and is now accessible in 22 countries. The chatbot is also gaining support for new languages and will be able to both accept prompts and respond in Hindi (Devanagari script) and Hindi (Roman script). The company has also rolled out new image generation and editing capabilities with the latest update. Meta AI Rollout Expands to More Regions In a newsroom post, Meta announced the new features of the chatbot which are now rolling out. The company is expanding access to Meta AI within its social media apps in Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, and Cameroon. Meanwhile, the chatbot is also gaining support for multilingual capabilities and can now interact in French, German, Hindi (both Devanagari and Romanized script), Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish. The social media giant added that support for more languages will be added in the future. Meta AI Updated With New Capabilities While the chatbot could generate images earlier, the capability is getting two new upgrades. First is a new feature dubbed Imagine Me. When users write the Imagine Me prompt, the chatbot will ask them to upload an image of them. Users can then ask the chatbot to generate any prompt-based images of themselves. Some of the examples shared by the company include “Imagine me on a beach vacation” and “Imagine me as royalty”. Currently, this feature is rolling out in beta and will be available only in the US. The second upgrade will allow users to make inline edits to all Meta AI-generated images. Once an image has been generated, users can write additional text prompts to edit different elements in them. For instance, a user can generate an image of a boy eating ice cream, and then change it to cake. Making granular changes such as changing the colour of the shirt, hairstyle, and background will also be possible. Meta said that next month it will add an “Edit with AI” button that will allow users to fine-tune the images even further. Meta is also making it easier for users to share these AI-generated images across its different apps. The company has started integrating Meta AI within the feed, stories, and comments interface of Instagram and Facebook, alongside messages on all three apps. This feature is rolling out this week to all regions where Meta AI is available in English. Meta Releases 'Largest' Llama 3.1 AI Model That Beats OpenAI's GPT-4o


Meta Seeks Patent for This Feature Inspired by the Apple Vision Pro


New Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses Outsell Previous Version: Essilux CEO On Tuesday, the social media giant also released its largest open-source AI model, Meta Llama 3.1 405B. This AI model will be available for WhatsApp and meta.ai users to use. The company says the new AI model has improved reasoning capabilities that can answer complex questions, help with mathematics homework, and write code faster with debugging support and optimisation suggestions. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Realme Watch S2 Design, Battery Details Revealed Ahead of July 30 Launch; Colour Options Teased" ,  Realme Watch S2 is set to launch in India on July 30, alongside the Realme 13 Pro 5G series. The smartphone lineup includes the standard Realme 13 Pro 5G and the Realme 13 Pro+ 5G. The company has teased the design and confirmed a few camera details of the handsets. Ahead of the launch event, Realme has revealed the Watch S2 design and confirmed some key details including battery specifications. The colour options of the upcoming smartwatch have also been teased. Realme Watch S2 Design The Realme Watch S2 will sport a round dial and have a stainless steel body. A recent promotional image shared by the company on X shows the smartwatch with blue and grey silicone straps alongside the metal chain strap. The right edge of the Realme Watch S2 appears to have a crown and an additional button. Inspired by timeless sophistication, the #realmeWatchS2 elevates your look for any occasion.Pre order from July 19th, 12 noon.Know more: https://t.co/ebdwDBFTvPhttps://t.co/w74Hja7HLt#WearYourAi pic.twitter.com/BPRrR6PuGu— realme (@realmeIndia) July 24, 2024 Pre-orders for the smart wearable have been live on the Realme India website since July 19 and customers can purchase the device in advance until July 28. Buyers need to pay Rs. 200 to avail of the Early Access pass and will receive Rs. 700 off on the final price of the smartwatch. Realme Watch S2 Features The Realme Watch S2 is confirmed to feature an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance and therefore, claimed to be fit for use during sports or regular a chores that involve the use of water. Realme Watch S2 India Launch Date Set for July 30; Retail Box Leaks Online The company has also revealed that the Realme Watch S2 will be backed by a 380mAh battery which is claimed to offer up to 20 days of battery life with AI-powered optimisations. The smartwatch is confirmed to support 110 preset sports modes. Realme 13 Pro+ Camera AI Features Tested: Impressive


Realme 13 Pro 5G Series Set to Launch in India on This Day Previously, the company has announced that the Realme Watch S2 will come with AI-backed Personal Assistance powered by ChatGPT including an AI voice assistant. Earlier leaks have also claimed that the watch will offer Bluetooth calling support. 




title = "Helldivers 2's 'Escalation of Freedom' Update Announced, Will Add Higher Difficulty, New Enemies and More" ,  Helldivers 2 is getting its biggest update yet, with new enemies, higher difficulty levels, fresh mission objectives and more set to arrive August 6. The Escalation of Freedom update, announced alongside a new trailer on the PlayStation Blog Tuesday, will represent the largest content drop for the online shooter. The free update will also add bigger enemy outposts, alongside bumping up the difficulty. Developer Arrowhead Game Studios detailed all the new additions coming to Helldivers 2 with The Escalation of Freedom update in August. The major update, set to arrive six months after the game launched, is said to have taken player feedback into account. While Helldivers 2 has received regular content drops, the new update will be the biggest one yet. Helldivers 2 Update adds higher difficulty Helldivers 2 has nine levels of escalating difficulty. The new update will add Combat Rating 10 difficulty level, promising the most “relentless” helldiving experience. CR10: Super Helldive will also bring better rewards in addition to the increased challenge. Helldivers 2 is Now PlayStation's Fastest Selling Game, Sony Confirms Mission variety is also getting a boost with the update, with new mission objectives, bigger enemy outposts for both Terminids and Automatons and new Super Sample rewards. Aside from Super Helldive, the new mission objectives will be playable on lower difficulty levels, as well, the studio confirmed. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  New enemy types, QOL changes The Escalation of Freedom update will also bring new enemies, adding the Impaler, a popular enemy type from the first game. A new variety of the Charger also joins the Terminid ranks. The Spore Charger's location on the map will be unclear until players encounter it directly. The update will also add the Terminid Alpha Commander, a jacked-up and bigger Brood Commander that can call in other bugs for backup. The Automatons are also getting a new enemy type with the Rocket Tank. Arrowhead Game Studios is also making changes to team kicking to address the issue of grief kicking in the game. With the new update, a player, when kicked, will spawn into a new game session as the host and carry over the team's loot from their previous session. All the loot can then be picked up before extraction from the planet. Helldivers 2 Review: Democracy Done Right The studio is also promising a few quality-of-life changes with the major update, including fixing the social menu for smoother helldiving with friends. The free update will arrive August 6 on PS5 and PC. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple Watch For Your Kids Rolled Out in India; Allows Parental Controls, School-Time Notification Restrictions" ,  Apple Watch For Your Kids – the family setup experience for children – is now available to users in India. It enables adults to set up cellular Apple Watch models for their children, allowing them to make calls and send messages even if they don't have an iPhone. Notably, the Cupertino-based technology conglomerate is also marketing its ‘Apple Watch For Your Kids' feature via a new page on its website, while the ability to set up an Apple Watch without a connected iPhone was launched a few years ago. Apple Watch For Your Kids: How it Works According to Apple, the For Your Kids functionality on the Apple Watch allows kids to connect with family and friends, if they have the cellular variant of Apple's smartwatch. They can take advantage of the communication, health, fitness, and safety features of the smartwatch with some safeguards. For calling, parents can pre-approve the contacts that will be accessible to kids on the Apple Watch. Apple Watch For Your Kids also brings safety features such as Emergency SOS, Apple Maps to navigate their way home, and Find People for locating family members or sharing their current location with them. iOS 18 Developer Beta 4 Update Brings RCS Support to These Regions Children can also track fitness activities via Activity rings and create goals for different workouts. They can challenge their friends by sending them Activity Sharing invitations. The parent or guardian can monitor all of the aforementioned activities from their iPhone. In addition to these features, it brings a dedicated Schooltime mode which appears as a distinctive yellow circle on the Apple Watch face for easy recognition. When enabled, it blocks notifications, restricts apps and turns on Do Not Disturb. As per Apple, this mode can be manually toggled, while parents can also schedule it via their iPhone. Apple Watch For Your Kids System Requirements Apple says this feature is available to users with an Apple Watch Series 4 or later or Apple Watch SE, paired with iPhone 8 or later running the latest watchOS and iOS. To activate cellular service, a wireless service plan for Apple Watch is required. Apple Might Be Working on a Flip-Style Foldable That Could Arrive in 2026 Additionally, users will require an Apple ID for themselves and one for the family member they wish to set it up for, with two-factor authentication enabled on both accounts. iPhone 17, iPhone 17 Pro, iPhone SE 4 Specifications, Launch Timelines Tipped With the Apple Watch For Your Kids feature, the smartwatch can deliver up to 14 hours of battery life on a single charge, depending on the model, according to Apple. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "HMD Crest Series India Launch Date Set for July 25; Amazon Availability Confirmed" ,  HMD Crest series — the first HMD branded smartphones without Nokia branding — are all set to launch in India soon. The Finnish manufacturer confirmed the launch date of the new smartphones on Tuesday via a teaser on X. The teaser doesn't reveal much about the device, but it is confirmed to feature a rear panel that is made of glass. The HMD Crest series will be sold via Amazon in the country. The handsets are said to be made in India. Like recent HMD phones, the upcoming series is also designed around the concept of self-repairability. HMD Crest Series India Launch Timeline The official HMD India account (@HMDdevicesIN) posted about the upcoming launch of the HMD Crest series that is scheduled to take place on July 25. The image shared by the brand shows the rear panel of the phone. Further, Amazon India has created a dedicated landing page on its website to tease the arrival of new handsets. 📅 Save the Date: July 25, 2024The countdown begins! The HMD CREST smartphones are just around the corner. 💫📱Don't miss the big reveal!#HMD #HumanMobileDevices #HMDCrest pic.twitter.com/i4LlYMtZZr— HMD India (@HMDdevicesIN) July 23, 2024 The Amazon listing suggests that the HMD Crest series' rear panel will have a glossy finish, and will be made of glass. The listing highlights the portrait imaging capabilities of the upcoming phone. Further, the handset will come with easy self-repair features. It is confirmed to be made in India, and HMD has announced that Bollywood actress Sanya Malhotra will be the brand ambassador for the upcoming lineup. While the Finnish smartphone maker has only mentioned the HMD Crest series, we can expect it to include the Crest and Crest Max 5G models. HMD Skyline With Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC, Lumia Design Debuts The HMD Crest is largely speculated to debut as a rebrand of the HMD Pulse. The latter was launched in Europe in April this year with a price tag of EUR 140 (roughly Rs. 12,460). It was previously rumoured to debut with the HMD Arrow moniker. Nokia 220 4G 2024, Nokia 235 4G 2024 Feature Phones Launched in India Readers might recall that the HMD Pulse runs on Android 14, and is powered by a 5,000mAh battery with support for 10W charging. It sports a 6.65-inch HD+ (720x1,612 pixels) LCD screen with 90Hz refresh rate. The HMD Pulse runs on an octa-core 12nm Unisoc T606 chipset. It boasts a 13-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel front-facing camera.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Adobe Illustrator Updated With AI-Powered Design Tools, Photoshop Gains Support for Image Generation" ,  Adobe Illustrator was updated with new artificial intelligence (AI) tools on Tuesday that are aimed to ease the design creation process for users. The new tools include a Generative Shape Fill tool that can generate pattern vectors within a shape. Other tools include Style Reference, Retype, and Mockup. They are powered by the company's Firefly Vector Model. Meanwhile, the company has also added a couple of new tools in Photoshop, including an AI-powered Generate Image feature that generates a baseline image to help designers get inspiration for their work. Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop Updated With AI-Powered Tools In a newsroom post, the company announced the new tools coming to Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop. The former will be updated with multiple AI-powered features, some of which are only available to beta tesers. Among them, the Generative Shape Fill tool (beta) can generate patterns and detailed vectors to any shape added by the designer. These vectors can be added using text prompts with a new Contextual Taskbar. The company also shared a short video highlighting how the feature works. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Apart from this, Illustrator also gets a Style Reference tool that will allow users to edit and scale a generated vector. With this tool, users can make granular changes to the AI-generated pattern and play around with the subjects, scenes, and icons in their style. Another tool dubbed Mockup (beta) can create visual prototypes of art on objects such as apparel, product packaging, and more. The generated vectors will automatically adjust to fit the curves and edges of the object, the company explained. All of these features are powered by the Firefly Vector model. Some assistive tools have also been added to Adobe Illustrator. The Dimension tool enables users to plot the right size for projects easily. Similarly, the Retype tool converts static text to live, editable text and the Enhanced Pan and Zoom feature is said to be able to zoom between 3.13 percent to 64,000 percent with smoother performance. Adobe Photoshop has also received new features with this update. Generate Image, which is powered by the Firefly Image 3 model, can create a baseline image with a text prompt to help users in the ideation and creation process. The image replaces the blank page when starting a new project. Further, the existing Generative Fill feature in Photoshop is getting an Enhance Detail tool that can add greater sharpness and details in AI-generated images and backgrounds. A Selection Brush tool allows users to select, compose, and apply filters. Similarly, a new Adjustment Brush lets users apply non-destructive adjustments to specific parts of the image. Finally, the Type tool is also getting upgraded. The company said it can “deliver faster and less manual ways of creating bulleted and numbered lists.” Adobe Sued by US Government for Hiding Termination Fees in Subscription Plan


Adobe Acrobat Is Getting Image Generation and Other AI Capabilities


Adobe Makes it AEP AI Assistant Generally Available to Businesses The latest Firefly Vector model-powered tools are now available within the Adobe Illustrator app. Some of the tools, as mentioned above, are only available in beta. All the new Photoshop tools are also generally available in the Photoshop desktop and web app. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition India Launch Date Set for July 26; Design Leaked Ahead of Debut" ,  Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition will be introduced in India later this week. It is expected to share the same specifications as the Poco F6 5G, which was launched in the country in May. The special Deadpool variant of the phone, however, is likely to arrive with a design inspired by Marvel's mercenary antihero. A leaked image has surfaced online, giving us an idea of what to expect from the purported limited edition smartphone. The design is seen with elements of the characters Deadpool and Wolverine, both of whom will return to the silver screen in the upcoming film Deadpool & Wolverine. Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition India Launch Date The company announced that the Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition will launch in India on July 26, the same day as the theatrical release of the Deadpool & Wolverine film. The handset is said to be a "collectable" model. Poco did not confirm any details about the special model, but it is expected to retain most features of the Poco F6 5G and come with a new Deadpool-inspired design. Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition Design (Expected) The Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition design has surfaced online. Tipster Yogesh Brar (@heyitsyogesh) shared the leaked image in an X post which shows the top half of the rear panel of the purported handset. Poco F6 5G Goes on Sale in India for the First Time Today: See Offers  Leaked image of Poco F6 Deadpool Limited EditionPhoto Credit: X/ @heyitsyogesh  The back panel of the Poco F6 appears in a crimson shade, similar to the colour of Deadpool's suit. The two rear camera modules are seen in black while the LED flash unit features the Deadpool logo on top. Poco F6 Review: Excellent Performance, Mid-Range Cameras Just beside the camera unit, the brand name 'Poco' with the words 'special limited edition' can be seen imprinted in the upper case in yellow, as a nod to Wolverine's suit colour. Deadpool's figure, imprinted in the middle of the rear panel, is also partially visible in the leaked image. The Poco F6 Deadpool limited edition handset is expected to arrive with the same specifications as the standard Poco F6 model. This means it is likely to be powered by a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, the Poco F6 5G ships with Android 14-based Xiaomi HyperOS. Poco F6 Comes With These AI Features: How to Use The standard Poco F6 model sports a 6.67-inch 120Hz 1.5K AMOLED screen and a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit alongside a 20-megapixel selfie shooter. It is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 90W wired fast charging support. 




title = "iPhone With Flip-Style Foldable Display Reportedly in Development, Might be Launched in 2026" ,  Apple is likely to launch a foldable iPhone in the coming years, as the Cupertino company plays catch up with rival Android smartphone makers, according to a report. The iPhone maker has fallen behind in the foldables race as it has yet to announce or launch its first foldable smartphone. While there have been plenty of rumours, we have yet to see any solid indicators or leaks about a foldable device from Apple. While earlier reports did indicate that Apple's first foldable would instead be a larger, book-style folding iPad, there's now fresh details that hint at a flip-style foldable instead. A report by DigiTimes Asia (paywalled), states that Apple is indeed working on a flip-style or clamshell iPhone. The publication says that Apple is currently “conducting research and development” for its first foldable and that it is slated for release by as early as 2026. This contradicts earlier reports that claimed the firm was working on a book-style iPad as its first foldable. The publication states that Apple has even signed up Samsung Display as a supplier for its clamshell foldable. It also goes on to claim that Apple will not be focussed on the larger book-style iPad foldable citing problems with the Chinese market, so a foldable iPhone will end up being its first foldable instead. Motorola Razr 50 Ultra Review The news does not come as a complete surprise mainly because a report in February also mentioned that Apple is working on both flip-style and book-style foldable devices. This report also shed light on Apple's prototypes which included two clamshell-style foldables back then and revealed that a foldable iPad was in the pipeline. Apple's Vision Pro team was also said to be reassigned on its upcoming foldables. The same report also hinted that Apple was unlikely to release a foldable device until 2027. Apple has also been working on patenting some new self-healing display tech which could make their way into its foldable models. There's also news about complex hinge designs for its foldables as well. Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 Review: Clamshell Phone Goes Bold With AI Flex In related news, a tipster recently released information about future iPhone models. The report revealed not just specifications, but also a timeline for the launch of Apple's next generation of iPhones, which are now said to include the next iPhone SE 4, the iPhone 17 series, the iPhone 17 Pro series and a new iPhone 17 Slim (or Ultra) model, slated for launch in 2025. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Spotify Hi-Fi Audio Plan Still in ‘Early Days’; Deluxe Plan to Deliver More Features, CEO Says" ,  Spotify has confirmed that it is working on a “deluxe” version of its subscription that offers hi-fi (high fidelity) audio streaming, but the company is still in “early days” of planning, CEO Daniel Ek said during the company's quarterly earnings call on Tuesday. When launched, this plan is speculated to be priced considerably higher than its current Premium plan. The Swedish audio streaming service first announced its decision to introduce a high-end subscription service dubbed Spotify HiFi in 2020. Spotify's “Deluxe” Plan During the earnings call, Spotify's CEO revealed that a new subscription plan, that would sit above its Premium plan, is in development. “The plan here is to offer a much better version of Spotify”. However, the official did not delve into details of its rollout timeline. As per the CEO, this new subscription would be a "deluxe" version of Spotify, offering hi-fi audio, and other benefits, in addition to existing features of Spotify Premium. While he remained cryptic about other offerings included in this plan, previous reports have speculated that the streaming service could bundle a feature that lets users generate playlists using artificial intelligence (AI) and among other tools. The plan won't be easy on the pocket, according to Spotify's CEO, who said that the deluxe plan could cost at least $5 (roughly Rs. 419) more per month than Spotify Premium, which costs $11.99 (roughly Rs. 1,000) for the Premium Individual plan. “Think something like $5 above the current premium tier. So it's probably around a $17 or $18 price point, but sort of a deluxe version of Spotify that has all of the benefits that the normal Spotify version has, but a lot more control, a lot higher quality across the board, and some other things that I'm not ready to talk about just yet,” Ek said during the earnings call. Notably, Spotify's competitors, such as Amazon Music and Apple Music, offer lossless audio streaming without any added cost. However, both platforms are only available via a paid subscription and do not have an ad-supported free plan which Spotify offers, albeit with certain restrictions. The CEO further revealed that a “good subset” of the streaming service's total user base wants a “much better” version of Spotify. Its new subscription plan is said to tackle this area, offering more controls than just high-res audio streaming. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Meta Llama 3.1 405B Released as Company's Largest Open Source AI Model to Date, Beats OpenAI's GPT-4o" ,  Meta on Tuesday released its latest and largest artificial intelligence (AI) model to the public. Called Meta Llama 3.1 405B, the company says the open-source model outperforms major closed AI models such as GPT-4, GPT-4o, and Claude 3.5 Sonnet across several benchmarks. The previously released Llama 3 8B and 70B AI models have also been upgraded. The newer versions were distilling from the 405B model and now offer a 1,28,000 tokens context window. Meta claims both of these models are now the leading open-source large language models (LLMs) for their sizes. Meta Llama 3.1 405B AI Model Released Announcing the new AI model in a blog post, the technology conglomerate said, “Llama 3.1 405B is the first openly available model that rivals the top AI models when it comes to state-of-the-art capabilities in general knowledge, steerability, math, tool use, and multilingual translation.” Notably, 405B here refers to 405 billion parameters, which can be understood as the LLM's number of knowledge nodes. The higher the parameter size, the more adept an AI model is in handling complex queries. The context window of the model is 128,000 tokens. It supports English, German, French, Italian, Portuguese, Hindi, Spanish, and Thai languages. Meta Seeks Patent for This Feature Inspired by the Apple Vision Pro The company claims the Llama 3.1 405B was evaluated on more than 150 benchmark tests across multiple expertise. Based on the data shared in the post, Meta's AI model scored 96.8 in the Grade School Math 8K (GSM8K) GPT-4's 94.2, GPT-4o's 96.1, and Claude 3.5 Sonnet's 96.4. It also outperformed these models in the AI2's Reasoning Challenge (ARC) benchmark for science proficiency, Nexus for tool use, and the Multilingual Grade School Math (MGSM) benchmark. Meta's largest AI model was trained on more than 15 trillion tokens with more than 16 thousand Nvidia H100 GPUs. One of the major introductions in the Llama 3.1 405B is the official support for tool-calling which will allow developers to use Brave Search for web searches, Wolfram Alpha to perform complex mathematical calculations, and Code Interpreter to generate Python code. Since the Meta Llama 3.1 405B is available in open source, individuals can access it from either the company's website or from its Hugging Face listing. However, being a large model, it requires roughly 750GB of disk storage space to run. For inferencing, two nodes on Model Parallel 16 (MP16) will also be necessary. Model Parallelism 16 is a specific implementation of model parallelism where a large neural network is separated into 16 devices or processors. New Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses Outsell Previous Version: Essilux CEO


WhatsApp Updates Channel Check Marks to This Colour to Match Instagram Apart from being available publicly, the model is also available on major AI platforms by AWS, Nvidia, Databricks, Groq, Dell, Azure, Google Cloud, Snowflake, and more. The company says a total of 25 such platforms will be powered by Llama 3.1 405B. For safety and security, the company has used Llama Guard 3 and Prompt Guards, two new tools that safeguard the LLM from potential harm and abuse. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iOS 18 Developer Beta 4 for iPhone Rolls Out as Apple Expands Support for RCS Messaging" ,  iOS 18 – Apple's next major iPhone operating system update – was unveiled at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10, and the iPhone maker has rolled out developer and public beta updates over the subsequent weeks. These beta versions have introduced new features, system improvements and bug fixes. The latest update comes in the form of iOS 18 Developer Beta 4 which Apple released on Tuesday. It brings tweaks to the overall user interface (UI), adds more customisation options when the iPhone is connected to CarPlay and expands support for RCS messaging. iOS 18 Developer Beta 4 Features Apple's changelog for the iOS 18 Developer Beta 4 update reveals that the latest update adds eight new Light and Dark Mode wallpapers for CarPlay. Furthermore, a Controls Menu setting is now visible under the Preserve Settings banner. As per Apple, this feature “preserves the previously used camera tool”, instead of bringing up the list of tools.  iOS 18 Developer Beta 4 Update for iPhone Apple has also rolled out the flashlight UI, which it introduced with its previous update on the iPhone 15 Pro models, to the iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Plus. Meanwhile, users who are subscribed to iCloud will now see a new animation in the iCloud menu under the iPhone settings. Design tweaks have also been brought to the Hidden apps folder, the Stocks app icon, and the Continue option in the Books app. Apple says users can now toggle the Light Mode while still retaining the Dark Mode appearance of the home screen icons. It also adds a new Silent/Mute toggle and Accessibility Eye Mirroring option in the new Control Centre.  New Flashlight UI in iOS 18 Another notable change introduced with iOS 18 Developer Beta 4 is the expansion of RCS messaging. Following the update, RCS on iPhone is now supported by Fido and Rogers in Canada, Orange, Vodafone and Yoigo in Spain, and Orange and T-Mobile in the UK. Slack Brings New Status, Catch Up and Other Widgets to iPhone


iPhone 17, iPhone 17 Pro, iPhone SE 4 Specifications, Launch Timelines Tipped


iPhone 16 Shipments in 2024 May be Similar to iPhone 15: Ming-Chi Kuo Apple's Latest Beta Updates In addition to iOS 18 Developer Beta 4, Apple also seeded the fourth developer betas of iPadOS 18, macOS 15 Sequoia, visionOS 2, tvOS 18, and watchOS 11. Coinciding with the latest developer beta updates of Apple's upcoming operating systems, the iPhone maker also rolled out the Release Candidates (RC) of iOS 17.6, iPadOS 17.6, watchOS 10.6, tvOS 17.6, macOS Sonoma 14.6, and visionOS 1.3. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 to Join Xbox Game Pass on July 24, Microsoft Confirms" ,  Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 is coming to Game Pass, Microsoft announced Tuesday. The first-person shooter title will be available on Game Pass for Console, PC Game Pass and Game Pass Ultimate starting today, July 24. The announcement confirms recent reports that claimed Modern Warfare 3 would be making its way to the game subscription service this month. Modern Warfare 3 on Game Pass Released in November last year, Modern Warfare 3 will become the first Call of Duty title to join Xbox Game Pass. The most recent COD title will be playable on the service before the next instalment in the franchise, Call of Duty: Black Ops 6, arrives on Game Pass day one when it launches October 25. The announcement comes days after Microsoft said it was raising the pricing for Xbox Game Pass and introducing a new ‘Standard' tier of the subscription service that will not include new games on the day of launch. The price hike precedes popular Call of Duty games hitting the service for the first time. Crucially, the Black Ops 6 will become the first COD title to be available on Game Pass day one. Microsoft Could Reportedly be Working on More New Xbox Game Pass Tiers Activision-Blizzard titles on Game Pass Microsoft has slowly begun adding games from the Activision-Blizzard portfolio to Game Pass this year after the company acquired the Call of Duty maker in a $69 billion deal in 2023. The game subscription service added Diablo IV in March. Last year, Microsoft Gaming CEO Phil Spencer said that Call of Duty and other Activision Blizzard games won't be available on Xbox Game Pass until 2024 as regulatory hurdles had delayed the company's acquisition of Activision. The Xbox chief had said at the time that Microsoft could not complete the work required to add Activision-Blizzard titles to the Game Pass catalogue until the buyout was finalised. Xbox Game Pass Prices Are Getting Another Hike


Call of Duty: MW 3 Campaign Sheds Cinematic Set Pieces for Warzone Imitation Earlier this week, a report claimed that Microsoft was planning on introducing more new Game Pass tiers, including a Cloud-only version of the service, a family and friends plan and a free ad-supported tier. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Nubia Z60 Ultra Leading Version With Under-Display Camera, 6,000mAh Battery Debuts Alongside Nubia Z60S Pro: Price, Specifications" ,  Nubia Z60S Pro and Nubia Z60 Ultra Leading Version have been unveiled in select global markets as the latest flagship models from the ZTE sub-brand. These handsets are equipped with Snapdragon chipsets from Qualcomm, paired with up to 16GB of RAM.  Both the Nubia Z60S Pro and Nubia Z60 Ultra Leading Version feature triple rear camera units led by a 50-megapixel Sony IMX906 sensor, run on Nubia's MyOS 14.5, and offer support for charging at 80W. The Nubia Z60 Ultra Leading Version features a 6,000mAh battery and has a 12-megapixel under-display camera (UDC) for selfies. Nubia Z60S Pro, Nubia Z60 Ultra Leading Version Price Nubia Z60S Pro price starts at $569 (roughly Rs. 47,000) for the base 12GB + 256GB variant. The 16GB + 512GB and 16GB + 1TB variants are priced at $669 (roughly Rs. 55,500) and $769 (roughly Rs. 64,500), respectively. It is available in Aqua, Black and White colourways. On the other hand, the Nubia Z60 Ultra Leading Version pricing begins at $649 (roughly Rs. 53,500) for the 8GB +256GB model. The 12GB + 256GB model is listed at $699 (roughly Rs. 58,500). The 12GB + 512GB variant is priced at $779 (roughly Rs. 65,500) while the top-end model with 16GB + 1TB retails at $879 (roughly Rs. 73,500). It is offered in Black and Silver colour options. Nubia Flip 5G Foldable With Budget-Friendly Price Unveiled at MWC 2024 Both models are currently up for pre-orders in the US and their open sales are scheduled to begin on August 12 from Nubia's official website. Nubia Z60S Pro Specifications The Nubia Z60S Pro runs on Android 14 based MyOS 14.5 and features a 6.78-inch AMOLED display with 1.5K resolution (1,260x2,800 pixels), 120Hz refresh rate, 452ppi pixel density and 2,160Hz PWM dimming. The display has a hole punch cutout at the top centre to house the selfie shooter. The handset runs on an octa-core Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC with up to 16GB of LPDDR5X RAM and a maximum of 512GB of UFS 4.0 storage, according to the company. Nubia Z60 Ultra With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC Launched: Details  For optics, the Nubia Z60S Pro carries a triple rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel Sony IMX906 1/1.56-inch main sensor with support for OIS, a 50-megapixel ultra wide-angle camera, and an 8-megapixel tertiary camera. There is a 16-megapixel selfie camera at the front. Connectivity options on the Nubia Z60S Pro include 5G, Bluetooth 5.3, Beidou, GPS/A-GPS, NFC, Wi-Fi 6 and a USB Type-C port. It includes a fingerprint sensor for authentication. Other sensors onboard include ambient light sensor, e-compass, g-sensor, gyroscope and proximity sensor. ZTE has packed a 5,100mAh battery on the Nubia Z60S Pro with 80W wired charging support. Nubia Z60 Ultra Leading Version Specifications The Nubia Z60 Ultra Leading Version runs on MyOS 14.5 and features a 6.8-inch full-HD+ (1,116x2,480 pixels) resolution with 400ppi pixel density and 120Hz refresh rate. It has an under-display camera. It gets an overclocked Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Leading Version SoC under the hood with a maximum 16GB of LPDDR5X RAM and up to 1TB UFS 4.0 storage. The triple rear camera setup of the Nubia Z60 Ultra Leading Version includes a 50-megapixel camera with a Sony IMX906 sensor with OIS support, a 50-megapixel ultra wide-angle camera, and a 64-megapixel OV64B sensor with OIS support. It is equipped with a 12-megapixel front facing UD camera for selfies and video calls. Connectivity options are almost identical to the Nubia Z60S Pro, as are the sensors. The Nubia Z60 Ultra Leading Version is backed by a 6,000mAh battery with 80W wired charging support 




title = "Crypto Price Today: Bitcoin Value Falls Alongside Most Altcoins Amid Market Volatility Sparked by ETH ETFs" ,  The crypto market is undergoing heavy volatility in the backdrop of macroeconomic factors, market changes, and political turmoil. On Wednesday, Bitcoin price fell by 1.93 percent on international exchanges, to trade at $65,866 (roughly Rs. 55.1 lakh), as per CoinMarketCap data. In India, Bitcoin recorded a slightly higher loss of over two percent on local exchanges such as BuyUCoin and CoinSwitch. The trading range of BTC on Indian exchanges ranges between $66,043 (roughly Rs. 55.2 lakh) and $70,195 (roughly Rs. 58.7 lakh). “BTC fell following the news that creditors of the now-defunct exchange Mt. Gox have begun receiving their BTC through Kraken. After a nine-year wait, multiple creditors have reportedly received their BTC, with the total distributed amounting to an impressive $9 billion (roughly Rs. 75,324 crore) in BTC and Bitcoin Cash (BCH),” the CoinSwitch markets desk told Gadgets360. Ether registered a price drop of 0.44 percent over the last day. On international exchanges, ETH is trading at $3,440 (roughly Rs. 2.87 lakh). In India, meanwhile, ETH is priced at $3,452 (roughly Rs. 2.88 lakh) after incurring a loss of 0.55 percent. US SEC Approves Ether ETF Trading on Stock Exchanges “ETH has been range-bound between $3,370 (roughly Rs. 2.82 lakh) and $3,560 (roughly Rs. 2.97 lakh) for a week, missing momentum from the July 23 ETF debut. Bitcoin ETFs saw $961 million in net inflows, but ETH derivatives remain subdued. This could hint at a lack of confidence in immediate upside,” Avinash Shekhar, CoFounder and CEO, Pi42 said on Wednesday. Binance Coin, Solana, Dogecoin, and Cronos saw their values fall over the past 24 hours, as per the Gadgets360 crypto price tracker. Similarly, Cardano, Avalanche, Shiba In, Polkadot, and Chainlink are also trading at lower values on Indian exchanges. WazirX’s $23 Million Bounty Plan Brings Little Relief to Users Amid Concerns Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman presented the Union Budget for 2024-25, which did not mention the crypto industry or any measures to regulate the sector and modify existing taxes. This, coupled with the recent WazirX hack, could be some of the reasons that are leading to price cuts for crypto assets in India. The overall crypto market cap dipped by 1.43 percent in the last 24 hours, as per CoinMarketCap data. With this, the sector valuation has come to $2.39 trillion (roughly Rs. 2,00,03,224 crore).  .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6, Watch 7, Watch Ultra, Galaxy Buds 3 Series Go on Sale in India Today" ,  Samsung unveiled a host of new products on July 10 at a Galaxy Unpacked event in Paris. The launches included the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 alongside new smart wearables like the Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra and the Galaxy Watch 7. Samsung also unveiled the Galaxy Buds 3 and Buds 3 Pro true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones. These new products from the South Korean tech giant will go on sale in India later today. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 Price in India, Offers The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 price starts in India at Rs. 1,64,999 for the 12GB + 256GB option, while the 12GB + 512GB and 12GB + 1TB variants are priced at Rs. 1,76,999 and Rs. 2,00,999, respectively. The phone is offered in Navy, Pink, and Silver Shadow colourways and can be purchased via the Samsung India website from 8pm IST today (July 24). Meanwhile, the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 price in India starts at Rs. 1,09,999 for the 12GB + 256GB option, while the 12GB + 512GB variant is listed at Rs. 1,21,999. This model comes in Blue, Mint, and Silver Shadow colour options. It will also go on sale at the same time as the Galaxy Z Fold 6 via the company's India website. Samsung to Bring AI Features From the Galaxy Z Flip 6 to These Older Models Customers can get up to a Rs. 15,000 exchange bonus as well as a Rs. 15,000 instant bank discount on using HDFC Bank Credit Card's full payment option. No-cost EMI options on the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 start from Rs. 13,079.33 and Rs. 8,497.37, respectively. Buyers using the Samsung Shop App may also get up to Rs. 2,000 off, lowering the effective price. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Watch Ultra, and Galaxy Buds 3 Series Price in India, Offers The 40mm Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 is listed at Rs. 29,999 and Rs. 33,999, for the standard and cellular variants, respectively. Meanwhile, the 44mm Galaxy Watch 7 is marked at Rs. 32,999 and Rs. 36,999 for the standard and LTE versions, respectively. The smaller model comes in Cream and Green shades, while the bigger option is offered in Green and Silver colour variants. Samsung's Galaxy Watch Ultra is priced in India at Rs. 59,999 and is available in Titanium Gray, Titanium Silver, and Titanium White shades. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim Launch Window Tipped Finally, the Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 and the Galaxy Buds 3 Pro are priced in the country at Rs. 14,999 and Rs. 19,999, respectively. They are available in two colour options — Silver and White. These smart wearable devices will go on sale in India alongside the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 foldable smartphones. Users can avail of up to Rs. 5,000 instant discount using credit or debit cards from select leading banks. They can also get an exchange bonus of up to Rs. 5,000. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 Specifications Both Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Watch Z Flip 6 are powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipsets paired with 12GB of RAM and up to 1TB of onboard storage. The phones ship with Android 14-based One UI 6.1.1 skin on top. Samsung Could Make ‘Radically Different’ AI Smartphones In the Future The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 sports a 7.6-inch 120Hz QXGA+ Dynamic AMOLED 2X Infinity Flex main display and a 6.3-inch HD+ Dynamic AMOLED 2X cover screen. Meanwhile, the Galaxy Z Flip 6 has a 6.7-inch full-HD+ Dynamic AMOLED 2X Infinity Flex display and a 3.4-inch Super AMOLED outer screen. For optics, the Galaxy Z Fold 6 is equipped with a 50-megapixel triple rear camera unit, while the Galaxy Z Flip 6 has a 50-megapixel dual rear camera system. Both handsets have 10-megapixel selfie cameras with an additional 4-megapixel under-display sensor on the Z Fold 6. The Galaxy Z Fold 6 comes with a 4,400mAh battery with 25W wired as well as Fast Wireless Charging 2.0 and Wireless PowerShare charging support. The Galaxy Z Flip 6, on the other hand, is backed by a 4,000mAh battery with similar charging specifications. Galaxy Watch 7, Watch Ultra, and Galaxy Buds 3 Series Specifications The Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, available in 40mm and 44mm variants, is powered by the 3nm Exynos W1000 chipset paired with 2GB of RAM and 32GB of onboard storage. It runs on Wear OS-based One UI 6 Watch out-of-the-box. The smaller variant carries a 300mAh battery while the 44mm variant gets a 425mAh battery. The two options sport 1.3-inch (432x432 pixels) and 1.5-inch (480x480 pixels) AMOLED always-on displays, respectively. Samsung's Galaxy Watch Ultra features a similar display as the 44mm Galaxy Watch 7 variant and has similar processor, storage and OS specifications. It packs a 590mAh battery with support for WPC-based wireless fast charging. The smartwatch also comes with 10ATM water resistance. All the watch models are equipped with several health and fitness trackers. Meanwhile, the Galaxy Buds 3 series TWS earphones are claimed to offer up to 30 hours of total music playback time and come with active noise cancellation (ANC) support. The base version has a 11mm dynamic driver, while the Pro variant is equipped with a 10.5mm dynamic speaker with a 6.1mm planar driver. They offer Bluetooth 5.4 connectivity with AAC, SBC, SSC, HiFi, and SSC UHQ codec support.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi 14T Pro Camera Specifications Tipped Ahead of Global Launch, Might Feature 50-Megapixel Primary Camera" ,  Xiaomi 14T Pro is said to be in the works could be launched in international markets later this year. Ahead of the anticipated arrival of the smartphone, a new leak has revealed the possible camera specifications of the upcoming handset. As per a tipster, the Xiaomi 14T Pro will feature a triple rear camera setup with a 50-megapixel primary sensor. A previous report had claimed that the telephoto camera on the handset could be tuned by Leica. Further, it is said that the Xiaomi 14T Pro could get identical specifications to the Redmi K70 Ultra, which is also speculated to debut in China next month. Xiaomi 14T Pro Camera Specifications Leaked According to a post on X (formerly known as Twitter) by user @xiaomitimecom, the Xiaomi 14T Pro could feature a triple rear camera setup and a single front-facing camera — two of these will be equipped with Samsung sensors. The tipster also claims that the Xiaomi 14T Pro could arrive with a 50-megapixel primary camera with an Omnivision OV50H sensor. Apart from that, the smartphone could sport a 13-megapixel Omnivision OV13B ultra-wide-angle sensor and a 50-megapixel Samsung S5KJN1 telephoto lens. The telephoto camera could be Leica-branded. While the megapixel count of the front camera is not known, the tipster has claimed that it will be a Samsung S5KKD1 sensor. In a previous report, it was said that the Xiaomi 14T Pro could debut alongside the base model Xiaomi 14T. The report also claimed that the specifications of the smartphone could be identical to the Redmi K70 Ultra, another speculated smartphone. The Xiaomi 14T series will reportedly be launched in select international markets in September, but might not arrive in India. The report found the reference to both smartphones within Xiaomi's HyperOS code with the internal model number N12. The Xiaomi 14T Pro was said to be codenamed “rothko” and could feature a MediaTek Dimensity 9300 chipset. On the other hand, the Xiaomi 14T was reportedly codenamed “degas” which seems to be inspired by the popular French artist Edgar Degas. It is said to be referenced with the internal model number N12A. Apple Vision Pro Gets New Immersive Video Content: See Availability


New Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses Outsell Previous Version: Essilux CEO


Temple Run: Legends, Vampire Survivors+ Coming to Apple Arcade Next Month


Apple Vision Pro Now Allows Alternative Payment Options in the EU


Apple's Cheaper Vision Pro Headset May Get Lower-Resolution Displays


Apple Could Soon Launch AirPods With Cameras: Ming-Chi Kuo Not much else is known about the smartphones at this time. It is noted that none of the information about the handsets has arrived from any official sources. Until Xiaomi officially announces the Xiaomi 14T series, these leaks should be taken with some scepticism. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Amazon Prime Video Revamped With Streamlined Navigation Bar, AI-Based Recommendations" ,  Amazon Prime Video has unveiled a redesigned interface globally aiming to simplify the streaming experience. The streaming giant says that the new interface will make it easier for customers to find movies, TV shows, live sports, and linear TV, manage and sign up for add-on subscriptions, and navigate across the platform. The update brings a new navigation bar that lets users navigate by content type. Also, viewers can now browse, sign up and manage active add-on subscriptions directly from the navigation bar. Further, there are generative AI improvements to personalisation features and the redesign includes updated synopses for movies and shows. Amazon Prime Video Interface Revamped In a blog post, Amazon announced the global update of its user interface. The UI overhaul will begin to roll out globally on Tuesday and will become available to all customers in the coming weeks. “With the improvements we have made to the user experience, customers will be presented with an easy-to-navigate entertainment destination where they can discover new titles and enjoy favourites, as well as sign-up to or switch add-on subscriptions with just a few clicks. Best of all, they can do this while using a single login," said Kam Keshmiri, Vice President of Design, Prime Video The update brings a streamlined navigation bar with general categories — Home, Movies, TV Shows, Sports and Live TV. This new navigation bar includes a dedicated tab for active Prime Video Channels add-on subscriptions. In India, users can explore over 20 add-on subscriptions by selecting Subscriptions. Fallout 76 Received 1 Million Players in a Single Day, Bethesda Says The Prime destination in the navigation bar will allow users to browse movies and shows available at no additional cost with a Prime membership. Meanwhile, Prime Video has added a new “hero rotator” below the navigation bar to highlight content available with a subscription or rent. AI Features on Amazon Prime Video Amazon's streaming service has also added personalised AI-generated recommendations on the platform. This feature is enabled using the company's Bedrock AI model and offers content tips based on the watch history and preferences of users. Users can also browse content by taste and other categories such as “Top 10 in India”. Prime and add-on subscription logos will now displayed on the hero and title cards of a movie or TV show. Additionally, Prime Video is using Large Language Models (LLMs) to simplify the synopses for TV shows and movies that offer a glance at the title description. Furthermore, Amazon says the fresh interface has new animations, easy transitions and zoom effects for enhancing the streaming experience. Prime Video Gets a Dedicated Sony Pictures Streaming Channel in India On living room devices, video content will play on the hero rotator as users browse around. On the “Live TV” destination, recommended stations will automatically start playing until users transition into full-screen playback, or exit to browse other stations.   




title = "Samsung to Bring Portrait Studio, Other Galaxy AI Features to Galaxy S23 Series and Older Models" ,  Samsung is bringing new features that were unveiled with the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Flip 6 to other Galaxy smartphones too, including the Galaxy S23 series, Galaxy Z Flip 5 and Fold 5, and older models, the company announced in its community forum. The features, such as Portrait Studio, Sketch to Image, and overlay translation, are powered by Galaxy AI – the suite of artificial intelligence (AI) services for Samsung smartphones. Samsung's Galaxy AI to Arrive on Older Smartphones In a post on Samsung's South Korea community forum, Samsung announced that it is bringing Flex Camcorder and Auto Zoom features, which debuted with the Galaxy Z Flip 6, to the Flip 5 too. Furthermore, the Instant Slomo feature will be available on last year's foldables, the Galaxy S23 series, and the Galaxy Tab S9 series. In addition to the camera-centric features, Samsung is bringing its Portrait Studio, Live Effect, Sketch to Image, and Motion Clipper to Galaxy Z Fold 4, Flip 4 and newer foldable models, Galaxy S23 series and later models, and the Galaxy Tab S8 and S9 series. Additionally, the Galaxy Photo Editor and Overlay Translation feature will also be available on the aforementioned models. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim Launch Window Tipped Samsung says its Astro Portrait feature will be arriving on the Galaxy S23 and Galaxy S24 series too. While Samsung has now announced a release date, these new features are speculated to be part of the One UI 6.1.1 update that Samsung introduced with the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Flip 6 smartphones during the Galaxy Unpacked event on June 10. The update is said to arrive on older Samsung smartphones in the coming weeks. Samsung Plans for AI-Powered Smartphones This development comes amidst reports that Samsung's AI smartphones of the future could be “radically different”. In a conversation with Australian Financial Review, TM Roh, President and Head of Mobile Experience (MX) Business at Samsung Electronics said that the South Korean technology conglomerate is now focused on making new AI smartphones which “may turn out to be radically different from Samsung's existing phones.” Samsung's New Smart Ring May Work With Other Android Smartphones Too


Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Could Arrive With This Flagship MediaTek Chip The Samsung official reportedly highlighted that a “lion's share” of its research and development efforts were also being directed towards developing these new devices. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Patent Application Describes Tablet With 'Expandable' Display" ,  Samsung might be working on a new tablet with an expandable display. The South Korean tech giant has submitted a patent application that showcases a tablet shell with a flexible display that can be expanded along the same plane. Interestingly, the display can be expanded in two different directions independently, allowing users more control over the size of the display. Samsung says such a display will solve the issue of making the consumer choose between a smaller display and a larger display. Samsung Patent Application Describes Expandable Display The patent application was listed on the World Intellectual Property Organisation (WIPO) website, which is affiliated with the United Nations (UN). The applicant's name was mentioned as Samsung Electronics and the publication number is WO/2024/150990. The patent application features a series of drawings explaining the mechanism of the tablet's expandable display, and descriptions for each of the drawings.  Drawings from Samsung's patent applicationPhoto Credit: WIPO  As per the application, Samsung's flexible expandable display technology aims to address the limitations of a foldable smartphone. The company says that while foldable phones allow users to reduce the size of the device by half, “users cannot feel free to choose the screen size according to their preferences” as it only offers two states of single-screen (folded) state and dual-screen (unfolded) state. In the patent, the company offers a solution in terms of a new design that includes a tablet-shaped shell which is capable of expanding and shrinking in size along the same plane. A flexible display is used for the expansion, and the motion is triggered by a guiding unit and a driving unit. As per the drawings, a diagonal mechanism is placed within the device that can expand the display in either direction. Samsung says the expansion can either occur simultaneously in both directions, or in a single direction, giving users more control over the size of the display. The driving unit is described as a gear system where 10 gears are placed on the base shell, 10 on the first side shell, five on the second side shell, six on the third side, and seven on the fourth side. These gears move together controlling the expansion of the display. The guiding unit, as per the patent application, is “configured for synchronously receiving the extra flexible screen” when the shell shrinks, or releasing when the shell expands. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim Launch Window Tipped


Samsung Could Make ‘Radically Different’ AI Smartphones In the Future


Samsung's New Smart Ring May Work With Other Android Smartphones Too While such a device would offer a novel form factor to the consumer, it should be noted that a patent application is not a confirmation of the development of a device. Samsung may or may not introduce the design to the public in the coming years, even after the patent is granted. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iQoo 13 Tipped to Feature Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 Chipset and Triple Rear Cameras" ,  iQoo 13 is said to go official later this year as a successor to the iQoo 12 that was unveiled last year. While the Vivo sub-brand remains tight-lipped about the specifications of the iQoo 13, a Chinese tipster has offered some insight into its design and key specifications. Like the predecessor, iQoo 13 is also expected to run on a Snapdragon chipset from Qualcomm. It is said to come with an OLED screen with a 2K resolution. The iQoo 13 is tipped to feature a 50-megapixel triple rear camera setup. iQoo 13 Specifications (Leaked) Tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) on Weibo posted some details about the rumoured iQoo 13. As per the leak, the handset will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset. The tipster states that Chinese component manufacturer BOE will supply a flat OLED panel with a 2K resolution for the upcoming phone. A machine-translated version of the post states that “the design of the screen shape mold has been updated across the board”, but it's not clear if there is any change in the screen size of the successor to the iQoo 12, which sports a 6.78-inch flat OLED screen. iQoo Z9s Series India Launch Set for August; Rear Design Teased The upcoming smartphone is said be equipped with a slightly larger battery than the iQoo 12. The tipster claims that battery capacity will start with the 'number 6' indicating that it may pack at least a 6,000mAh battery, and will not support wireless charging. The camera arrangement of the phone is likely to be similar to that of its predecessor. It is expected to feature a 50-megapixel triple rear camera setup. It is not the first time we have heard about iQoo 13. A previous Weibo post by the same source stated that the device will support 100W fast charging. It was said to pack a periscope telephoto camera with up to 3x optical zoom. It could feature a single-point ultrasonic in-display fingerprint scanner as well. It is likely to get a metal middle frame and glass back. It could offer IP68 or IP69-rated dust and water resistance. iQoo Z9 Turbo+ Specifications Leaked, May Feature This MediaTek Chipset The iQoo 13 is expected to be announced in November after the Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 goes official in late October. The iQoo 12 series was initially released in China in November 2023. The vanilla iQoo 12 was launched in India later in December with a price tag of Rs. 52,999 for the 12GB + 256GB configuration. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Play Protect ‘Rescan’ Option for Flagged Apps on Android in Development: Report" ,  Google may be developing additional functionality for Play Protect – its cloud-based app-verification service that safeguards users against malicious apps, according to a report. The search giant is said to be working on a 'Rescan' option for apps that have been previously flagged as harmful, without uninstalling them from the devices. The feature was reportedly spotted during an APK teardown of the Google Play Store app on Android. Google Play Protect 'Rescan' Functionality in Development In a report, Android Authority, teaming up with tipster AssembleDebug, suggested that Google could bring a “Rescan” button that shows up after an app has been scanned by Play Protect. The feature was discovered following an APK teardown of the Google Play Store app version 41.9.17. However, it is reportedly still in development and isn't available to users. At present, whenever a user installs an app, it is screened by Google Play Protect for any potentially harmful behaviour. If it is flagged for violating the company's Unwanted Software Policy, an alert is sent to the user along with an option to uninstall it. Telegram Vulnerability Lets Hackers Send Malware as Videos: Report With this purported option, Google is speculated to offer users another chance of rescanning the app in case it is wrongly labelled, before removing it from the device. Android 15's Quarantine Mode With Android 15, Google is also reportedly bringing a new ‘quarantine' functionality to the Play Store. This feature may enable system apps — like Google Play Services or the Play Store – to isolate potentially harmful apps and apply restrictions on them. Once an app has been quarantined, its capabilities are said to be severely limited, preventing it from negatively impacting the user's device. It may not be allowed to show notifications and its activities will also be stopped. Spotify Premium Now Available at Rs. 59 for Three Months With New Offer


WhatApp May Let Users Pick Unique Usernames via Its Web Client The code referencing this feature was reportedly discovered in an Android 15 beta update but is yet to be enabled. It was spotted in the form of a "QUARANTINE_APPS" permission which, apps signed by the same certificate as Google, can be granted to. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Union Budget 2024: No Tax Relief for Crypto Sector, Industry Takes Respite in Angel Tax Abolishment" ,  Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman presented the Union Budget for 2024-25 on Tuesday, with a slew of reforms for various sectors. The Budget did not mention cryptocurrencies or blockchain technology, two areas that are currently are unregulated in India. The Web3 sector in India has been urging the government to reduce the one percent tax deducted at source (TDS) on all crypto transactions. The Web3 community, however, continues to vouch for patience and belief in the government for comprehensive industry-specific reforms in the future. One of the major reasons for disappointment in the crypto sector was due to the lack of reduction of TDS on crypto transactions in India. The industry has repeatedly presented reports to the government, requesting a reduction in taxation. “We have submitted data-backed quantitative analyses regarding the flight of users' trading and transactions, as well as the potential increase in government revenue should the taxation structure be revised,” the Bharat Web3 Association told Gadgets360. “We will continue to push for rationalisation of the taxation framework, which includes reducing the TDS to 0.01 percent, allowing setoff of losses on VDA transactions and modifying the 30 percent tax on capital gains.” South Korea Implements Legal Framework to Protect Crypto Community Members of the crypto industry are trying to rationalise the government's exclusion of crypto-centric reforms from this year's budget. Some have expressed concerns that this could be a silent effect of the recent WazirX wallet exploit, that has led to the theft of over $230 million (roughly Rs. 1,942 crore) from the exchange's reserves. While clarity on government's crypto outlook remains awaited, the Web3 community has taken respite in the abolishment of the angel tax for all classes of investors. This rule levied taxes on investments that startups received by angel investors, who are wealthy individuals who pour their own capital into startup businesses. This step is aimed at spiking the overall startup ecosystem of India. As per a report by HashEmergent and KPMG published in April this year, India has over a thousand startups with Bengaluru coming up as a hub. The same report also noted that India's Web3 sector received investments worth $250 million (roughly Rs. 2,092 crore) in 2023. US SEC Approves Ether ETF Trading on Stock Exchanges With the abolishment of this angel tax, the Web3 group expects to see a boom in blockchain-based startups in the coming months. “We are confident that this will significantly bolster the Indian tech start-up ecosystem, especially in the Web3 sector. As Web3 becomes more mainstream, investment in Web3 startups is expected to increase,” Sumit Gupta, Co-founder, CoinDCX told Gadgets360. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  




title = "US SEC Approves Ether ETFs, Marks Another Milestone for Crypto Growth" ,  The first U.S. exchange-traded funds (ETFs) tied to the price of ether, the world's second-largest cryptocurrency after bitcoin, are due to begin trading on Tuesday, in another watershed event for the crypto industry's push to go mainstream. Ether ETFs from VanEck, Franklin Templeton, Fidelity, 21Shares and Invesco will begin trading on Cboe, the exchange said in a Friday notice, while one from BlackRock will begin trading on the Nasdaq, according to an exchange notice. Products from Bitwise and Grayscale Investments will also trade Tuesday on the New York Stock Exchange, the exchange said. Following the launch of nine U.S. spot bitcoin ETFs in January, the ether products mark another win for the cryptocurrency industry's campaign to push digital assets into the broader financial sector, although the products are unlikely to garner the same volume of inflows, analysts said. WazirX Reports 80 Intents on Bounty Within First 24 Hours: Details The bitcoin ETF launches were the culmination of a decade-long tussle with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which had rejected the products due to market manipulation concerns. The agency was forced to green-light the ETFs after losing a court challenge brought by digital asset manager Grayscale Investments, although it warned when approving them that the products were still highly risky. The launch was one of the most successful in the ETF market's history with the products attracting $33.1 billion (roughly Rs. 2,77,110 crore) in net inflows as of the end of June, according to Morningstar Direct data. North Korean Group Suspected of Hacking WazirX Crypto Exchange Bitcoin ETF issuers competed hard on fees, with many firms offering to waive fees entirely for a certain period of time. The ether ETF fees range from a low of 0.19 percent for Franklin Templeton's, to a high of 2.5 percent for Grayscale's existing Ethereum trust, which it is converting into an ETF, according to their public offering documents. The rest cluster around 0.25 percent. Overall, the fees are comparable to the bitcoin products, although issuers are offering fewer waivers. Grayscale also is rolling out a "mini" version of both its ether and bitcoin ETFs with a fee of only 0.15 percent. While estimates on demand for the ether products vary widely, Galaxy Research - whose sister company Galaxy Asset Management has a pending ether ETF with Invesco - has projected that the ether ETFs could attract monthly inflows of $1 billion (roughly Rs. 8,371 crore) "Overall, market participants expect strong interest in ETH Spot ETFs and significant inflows in the first 3-6 months post-launch," Matteo Greco, research analyst at Fineqia International, wrote in a note. He added that demand for the ether ETFs will be crucial in ascertaining investor appetite for digital assets beyond bitcoin. Issuers began filing for the ether ETFs in September. Executives initially had low hopes that the SEC would approve the products after discouraging meetings with officials. But the agency surprised the industry in May when it approved rule changes required for exchanges to list the products, the first of two key regulatory hurdles. SEC Chair Gary Gensler last month told Reuters the Grayscale ruling had influenced his thinking on approving the ether products, because the underlying market circumstances were similar. © Thomson Reuters 2024  .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "G20 Prioritises Discussions on Digital Tax Amid Looming Tariff Threats from US" ,  Talks over a global tax deal are continuing well past a June 30 deadline and governments are now looking to a Group of 20 finance leaders meeting this week for progress on a stalled plan to reallocate taxing rights on large multinational companies. The so-called "Pillar 1" arrangement, part of a 2021 global two-part tax deal, aims to replace unilateral digital services taxes (DSTs) on U.S. tech giants including Alphabet's Google (GOOGL.O), opens new tab, Amazon.com (AMZN.O), opens new tab and Apple (AAPL.O), opens new tab through a new mechanism to share taxing rights on a broader, global group of companies. The stakes in the negotiations are high. A failure to reach agreement on final terms could prompt several countries to reinstate their taxes on U.S. tech giants and risk punitive duties on billions of dollars in exports to the U.S. Standstill agreements under which Washington has suspended threatened trade retaliation against seven countries -- Austria, Britain, France, India, Italy, Spain and Turkey -- expired on June 30, but the U.S. has not taken steps to impose tariffs. Discussions on the matter are continuing. An Italian government source said that European countries were seeking assurances that the U.S. tariffs on some $2 billion (roughly Rs. 167.3 crore) worth of annual imports from French Champagne to Italian handbags and optical lenses remained frozen while the talks continue, including at the G20 meeting in Rio de Janeiro. A European Union document prepared for the G20 meeting lists finalising the international tax deal as a "top priority." It said the G20 should urge countries and jurisdictions participating in the tax deal "to finalise discussions on all aspects of Pillar 1, with a view to signing the Multilateral Convention (MLC) by summer end and ratifying it as soon as possible." Meanwhile, Canada in July became the eighth country to impose a unilateral digital services tax, with Finance Minister Chrystia Freeland saying it was "simply not reasonable, not fair for Canada to indefinitely put our own measures on hold" after the June 30 deadline passed without a Pillar 1 agreement. The U.S. maintains that such taxes are discriminatory because they specifically target the local revenues of U.S. technology firms that dominate the sector. "Treasury continues to oppose all tax measures that discriminate against U.S. businesses," a U.S. Treasury spokesperson said in response to Canada's move. "We encourage all countries to finalise the work on the Pillar 1 agreement. We are in active discussions on next steps related to the existing DST joint statements." A spokesperson for the U.S. Trade Representative's office added that the OECD/G20 negotiations "offer the best path to address challenges that digitalisation of the economy poses to the international tax system." Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen told Reuters at a G7 finance meeting in May that India and China were hindering agreement on the alternative transfer-pricing mechanism known as "Amount B." This mechanism would apply to thousands of companies below the $20 billion annual revenue threshold for "Amount A", and is aimed at delivering tax certainty to these firms through an objective way of calculating tax liability, said Danielle Rolfes, head of KPMG's Washington National Tax Practice."It's in the interest of all the countries around the table to try to keep it alive," Rolfes said. At the G20 meeting in Rio de Janeiro, Yellen will also face questions from counterparts over the continuity of U.S. policy commitments in the wake of President Joe Biden's decision to end his re-election bid and growing international angst over a potential return of Donald Trump to the White House. © Thomson Reuters 2024 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Plans to Prioritise User Choice Instead of Deprecating Third-Party Cookies on Chrome" ,  Google Chrome announced a new approach to handling third-party cookies on Monday. With this move, it no longer has plans to deprecate them. Instead, Google says it will allow users to make an “informed choice” which can be adjusted at any time while browsing on the web. This development comes as a major modification to the technology conglomerate's original plan of phasing out third-party cookies entirely, which it announced in 2020 but has since been pushed back due to flak from other parties. Third-Party Cookies on Google Chrome In a blog post, Google emphasised its new strategy for dealing with third-party cookies. The company proposed an updated approach by revealing plans to introduce a “new experience” to Chrome. As per the company, it is currently in discussions with regulators before it rolls it out. With this move, it would allow users to make an “informed choice” which will be applicable across their web browsing experience, instead of completely eliminating its dependency on third-party cookies. Gemini AI to Take Centre Stage at Olympics 2024 With New Partnerships Google first announced plans in 2020 to phase out third-party cookies by 2022. However, due to flak from advertisers and facing regulatory issues, the plans were delayed multiple times, with the latest timeline suggesting third-party cookie deprecation by Q1 2025. At the time, the UK's Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) had thwarted Google's proposed move, stating that its Privacy Sandbox could potentially limit the competition. Following the latest announcement, CMA says it is reviewing Google's new approach to third-party cookies and its impact. It is also inviting public views on the matter till August 12. IP Protection In addition to abandoning plans for phasing out third-party cookies, Google also announced that it will offer additional privacy controls to users, starting with “IP Protection” in Chrome's Incognito Mode. Google Chrome May Soon Read Webpages for You Out Loud When Minimised


Google Chrome Brings 5 New Features to Android, iOS for Better Search As per the company, it will anonymise users' IP addresses and mask it from being used by web-wide cross-site tracking third parties. It will stop a destination origin from seeing the user's original IP address and ensure that the content between the client and the destination origin cannot be accessed by proxy and network intermediaries. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Acer Aspire 3D 15 Spatiallabs With Glasses-Free 3D Display, Up to 13th Gen Intel Core i7 CPU Debuts in India" ,  Acer Aspire 3D 15 Spatiallabs laptop has been unveiled in India. The laptop features a 15.6-inch display that offers glasses-free 3D mode. It also offers 4K resolution in 2D mode. The Acer Aspire 3D 15 Spatiallabs comes with SpatialLabs 3D technology that allows users to view their projects in real-time 3D without glasses. The laptop is equipped up to 13th-generation Intel Core i7 processor and up to Nvidia GeForce RTX 4050 GPU. It packs up to 32GB of RAM and up to 2TB of storage. It offers Wi-Fi 6 connectivity. Acer Aspire 3D 15 Spatiallabs price in India Price of Acer Aspire 3D 15 Spatiallabs starts at Rs. 1,49,999 in the country. It is available a single Black colour option for purchase via the Acer online store and Acer Exclusive stores. Acer Aspire 3D 15 Spatiallabs specifications Acer Aspire 3D 15 SpatialLabs laptop offers SpatialLabs technology, which enables switching between 2D and stereoscopic 3D modes on the display. It features a 15.6-inch 4K (1,920 x 2,160 pixels) display in 2D mode with up to 380nits brightness and 100 percent coverage of Adobe RGB colour gamut in 3D mode. It includes an optical lens for precisely projecting images based on the user's eye movements. Acer Predator Helios Neo 16 Review: Out on a Hunt The laptop can be configured with up to 13th Gen Intel Core i7 processor alongside Nvidia GeForce RTX 4050 GPU. It packs up to 32GB DDR5 memory and up to 2TB M.2 PCIe SSD storage. For video calls, the Acer Aspire 3D 15 SpatialLabs Edition carries a an HD camera with 720p resolution. It supports video recording at 30fps (frames per second) with Acer's Temporal Noise Reduction (TNR) technology. It includes AI technologies like Acer PurifiedView, PurifiedVoice, and Acer TNR for low-light image enhancement. The laptop includes DTS Ultrasound and the personalised AcerSense app. Connectivity options on the Acer Aspire 3D 15 SpatialLabs Edition laptop include Wi-Fi 6, USB Type-C (Thunderbolt 4), and an HDMI 2.1 port. There are stereo speakers as well. For thermal management, the laptop has a TwinAir Cooling system, featuring dual fans and three copper heat pipes. Acer ALG Gaming Laptop With Nvidia GeForce RTX 3050 GPU Launched in India   




title = "Telegram for Android Vulnerability EvilVideo That Lets Hackers Deploy Malware as Video Files Detected: Report" ,  Telegram for Android reportedly had a zero-day vulnerability which was being targeted by attackers. This vulnerability, dubbed EvilVideo, allowed malicious actors and hackers to send malware disguised as video files, as per the report. It was detected by a cybersecurity research firm last month after a post about the exploit was found on the dark web. The poster was said to be selling the exploit and also showed a screenshot of its workings. Notably, Telegram released an update on July 11 patching the vulnerability after the cybersecurity firm notified it about the exploit. EvilVideo Exploit Found in Telegram According to a newsroom post by cybersecurity firm Eset, Telegram for Android had a zero-day vulnerability. A zero-day vulnerability is a security flaw which is unknown to the developer. The term is used since developers have “zero days” to patch the issue. This particular vulnerability was reportedly found by some malicious actors who were trying to sell it on the dark web. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  “We found the exploit being advertised for sale on an underground forum. In the post, the seller shows screenshots and a video of testing the exploit in a public Telegram channel. We were able to identify the channel in question, with the exploit still available. That allowed us to get our hands on the payload and test it ourselves,” said ESET researcher Lukáš Štefanko, who discovered the exploit.  Dark web post about the Telegram vulnerabilityPhoto Credit: Welivesecurity  Dubbed EvilVideo, the exploit allowed hackers to deploy malware payload as Android Package (APK) within the video files, based on the dark web post spotted by Welivesecurity. When played, Telegram reportedly would show a message that says “App was unable to play this video.” However, immediately afterwards, the hidden malware would send request to allow apps from third-party sources so it could be installed, revealed the publication. Since the default option on Telegram downloads videos by default, the researchers believe the payload could have been easily spread to a large number of users by planting them in large public groups. How Hackers Are Using a Bot to Target Indians in WhatsApp e-Challan Scam


Medusa Banking Trojan Returns to Target Android Users in These Countries


This New ‘GoldDigger’ iOS Trojan Steals iPhone Face ID Data However, Eset notified Telegram about the exploit on June 26, and reportedly, Telegram released an update on July 11, patching the vulnerability. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Slack Introduces Status, Catch Up and Slack Launcher Widgets for iPhone" ,  Slack – the cloud-based team communication platform – is bringing three new widgets to the iPhone, the company announced via a social media post on Monday. The new widgets add catch-up, status view and other functionalities to the iPhone's home and lock screens, enabling users to leap directly into the different tabs of the Slack app. This development comes a month after the platform introduced developer-focused features, a new portal and enterprise tools at the TrailblazerDX developer conference. Slack Widgets on iPhone In a post on X (formerly Twitter), Slack introduced three new iPhone widgets: Catch Up, Status and Slack Launcher. As per the company, these widgets can make the “workday easier”. The new Catch Up and Status widgets can be placed on the iPhone's home screen. Catch Up takes users directly to the Catch Up tab on Slack, enabling them to keep up with unread channels, latest DMs and mentions. Three 3⃣new Slack iOS widgets are here to make your workday a whole lot easier. 👏Add the Catch Up widget, Status widget, and Slack Launcher widget to your device and stay in the know on the go. pic.twitter.com/bEak0coGZK— Slack (@SlackHQ) July 22, 2024 Meanwhile, the Status widget is available in single and multi-views. While tapping the single-view window opens up the status window within the Slack app in the selected workspace, users can change their status or clear it from the widget itself using the multi-view window. In addition to home screen widgets, Slack also introduced Slack Launcher for the iPhone's lock screen. As per the company, it takes users directly to their last workspace to catch up on the latest conversations.  Slack Status Widget on iPhone Gadgets 360 staff members were able to verify the availability of the new Slack widgets on iPhone following the latest app update. The widgets work as advertised. Slack AI Globally Available In April, Slack rolled out its artificial intelligence (AI)-powered assistant, Slack AI, to all users globally. It is available as an add-on purchase to users with a paid subscription to the platform. Slack AI offers features such as recaps, search, and conversation summaries. Using search, users can type a question in the search bar and the AI assistant will browse through their personal conversations and organisational communication to look up the answer. With the recaps feature, users can generate highlights for any channel they are a part of with a click. These features are part of Slack's broader strategy to save users' time and improve their productivity using AI. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Meta Patent Application Describes 'Social Presence' Feature Inspired by EyeSight on Apple Vision Pro" ,  Meta has filed a patent application for a new technology that could allow the Facebook parent company to allow equip its wearable mixed reality headsets with functionality inspired by a specific Apple Vision Pro feature. Apple's first spatial computer is equipped with an external display that can display an indicator of what the wearer is doing in immersive mode, or show a version of their expressions, using sensors inside the headset. Meta could deliver a feature that uses its avatar feature, according to the patent document. An application titled 'Embedded Sensors in Immersive Reality Headsets to Enable Social Presence' was recently filed with the European Patent Office (EPO) by Meta Platforms (via Patently Apple). The patent application was also published by the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) two months ago. In its patent application filed with both regulators, Meta describes the use of sensors (including ones used for electrocardiograms and electroencephalograms) placed inside the mixed reality headset, that can observe a user's facial expressions in real time and control a virtual version of a user (the company calls these avatars) based on their expressions, which is displayed elsewhere.  Various facial expressions mapped by the companyPhoto Credit: Meta/ US Patent and Trademark Office  The document also contains a flowchart (Figure 4) that describes the entire process. When a headset is worn by a person, a sensor located on the inside will track movements in facial muscles. It will also determine the expressions of the user, by mapping it to the movement of the muscle — there are 20 of these displayed in another diagram (Figure 3), along with two anatomical drawings. After the device has determined the user's current facial expression, it will automatically "adjust" the avatar for the user, according to the patent application. Finally, it will provide the modified avatar to an "immersive reality application" that is hosted on a remote server. While the Apple Vision Pro shows a user's facial expressions on the outer display, it appears that Meta's collection of expressions will enable detailed appearances of these avatars on other services. The patent application also describes the use of machine learning technology to associate the movement of the facial muscle to the user's expression. Apple Vision Pro Gets New Immersive Video Content: See Availability


New Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses Outsell Previous Version: Essilux CEO


Temple Run: Legends, Vampire Survivors+ Coming to Apple Arcade Next Month


Apple Vision Pro Now Allows Alternative Payment Options in the EU


Apple's Cheaper Vision Pro Headset May Get Lower-Resolution Displays


Apple Could Soon Launch AirPods With Cameras: Ming-Chi Kuo It's worth noting that while the patent application is not an indicator of when the feature could make its way to a Meta product, its potential inclusion in the future could lead to the development of more responsive avatars on other Meta products and services. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim Tipped to Debut in October With Larger Cover Display" ,  Samsung unveiled the Galaxy Z Fold 6 at its Galaxy Unpacked event earlier this month. However, the South Korean tech giant is also said to be working on a slim version of the Galaxy Z Fold 6. While recent rumours stated that the launch of Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim was put on hold, a new leak coming out of China indicates it will be unveiled in October. The upcoming book-style foldable phone is said to get a conventional smartphone display ratio. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim launch timeline tipped Tipster Ice Universe on Weibo posted that the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim will be launched in October. It is said to be unveiled alongside the Galaxy Tab S10 series and Samsung W25. The latter is believed to be the Chinese variant of the Galaxy Z Fold 6. In another (deleted) post, the tipster claimed (via) that Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim's cover screen will have a 19.5:9 aspect ratio, which is similar to the Galaxy S24 Ultra. The foldable is said to feature an 8-inch internal screen and a 6.5-inch external screen. This would be a notable shift from the standard Galaxy Z Fold 6's 7.6-inch internal screen and 6.3-inch external screen. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Series Debuts With New Design, ANC, IP57 Rating The Galaxy Z Fold Slim is expected to be thinner and lighter than the standard model. It might lack S Pen support. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 price, specifications Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 price in India starts at Rs. 1,64,999 for the base model with 12GB of RAM and 256GB of storage. It runs on a custom Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 for Galaxy SoC. It has a triple outer camera setup led by a 50-megapixel wide-angle camera. There's a 10-megapixel selfie camera on the cover display and a 4-megapixel camera located under the inner screen. The Galaxy Z Fold 6 has an IP48 rating for dust and water resistance. It houses a 4,400mAh battery with 25W wired fast charging, Fast Wireless Charging 2.0 and Wireless PowerShare. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Could Arrive With This Flagship MediaTek Chip    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung’s Future AI Smartphones to Be ‘Radically Different’ From Existing Phones: Report" ,  Samsung is reportedly working on new artificial intelligence (AI) smartphones that could be “radically different” from the company's existing smartphones. This development was shared by Samsung's head of mobile division in an interaction with a publication. The report also added that Samsung is heavily investing in the research and development of these new AI smartphones. However, it is not clear whether these will be launched as a different smartphone lineup or if they will replace the current flagship phones by the company. Samsung Reportedly Working on New AI Smartphones Speaking with the Australian Financial Review, TM Roh, President and Head of Mobile Experience (MX) Business at Samsung Electronics said that the South Korean tech giant is now focused on making new AI smartphones which “may turn out to be radically different from Samsung's existing phones.” He did not specify what would be different about these phones. Roh also highlighted that the “lion's share” of Samsung MX's research and development efforts were also being concentrated towards developing these new devices, as per the report. Despite hinting at major changes with these new AI-powered smartphones, he did not explain what these changes could mean. These could mean new form factors, larger or smaller displays, new sensors, or the inclusion of dedicated neural processing units (NPUs). Samsung’s Bixby Might Get Upgraded Gen AI Capabilities Notably, the tech giant introduced the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and the Galaxy Z Flip 6 globally, earlier this month. Apart from iterative upgrades to the hardware and a new hinge mechanism, the smartphones also brought new AI features under the Galaxy AI umbrella. Some of the interesting features include Sketch to Image for the Galaxy Z Fold 6 which uses the S Pen. Users can draw a rough sketch which can be turned into realistic art with AI. Note Assist which can record audio as well as transcribe and summarise them was also added to both devices. Samsung's Live Translate Feature Will Now Work With Third-Party Apps


Samsung's Galaxy AI Could Soon Power Live Translations for WhatsApp Calls The clamshell-styled Galaxy Z Flip 6 is getting a new ProVisual Engine for its cameras which is powered by AI. It can detect objects, analyse lighting conditions, and isolate facial features to enhance the images. The AI can optimise images and improve the quality of the objects even at a 10x zoom range. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro XL Renders Leak Online; Shows Off Pink, Porcelain Colours" ,  Google is all set to hold its next Made by Google hardware launch event on August 13 and the company is actively teasing its upcoming Pixel 9 flagships. Leaks have revealed a lot about the Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro Fold, and Pixel 9 Pro XL, but speculation is still high. Most recently, alleged images of the Pixel 9 and Pixel 9 Pro XL surfaced online. The leaked renders show the vanilla model in a pink shade, while the Pixel 9 Pro XL is seen in an off-white finish. The new leak popped up a few days after Google officially showcased the Pixel 9 Pro and Pixel 9 Pro Fold. Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro XL design revealed in new leak Tipster Sudhanshu Ambhore (@Sudhanshu1414), has posted alleged renders of Pixel 9 and Pixel 9 Pro XL on X. The renders suggest flattened sides and rounded corners for the phones. The Pixel 9 render shows the previously leaked pink colour shade. Meanwhile, the Pixel 9 Pro XL is shown off in Google's traditional porcelain colour option. Both Pixel 9 and Pixel 9 Pro XL seem to have an oval island that stands alone in the middle. This design choice is a departure from its predecessors. The Pixel 8 series has a wide solid bar that stretches the rear panel connecting to the edges on both sides. The back panels have a glossy finish, while the camera bar has a matte finish. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold Teased, to Go Official in India Next Month Google will announce the Pixel 9 series at its August hardware launch event. The event will begin on August 13 at 10:00am Pacific Time (10:30pm IST). Google has already offered previews of the Pixel 9 Pro and Pixel 9 Pro Fold last week. The vanilla Pixel 9 and Pixel 9 Pro XL are expected to be unveiled alongside. Google Pixel 9 Series Spotted on Certification Site Weeks Ahead of Debut The Pixel 9 series is said to ship with Android 15 and Tensor G4 SoC with up to 16GB RAM. The vanilla Pixel 9 is expected to get a 6.24-inch AMOLED display, whereas the Pixel 9 Pro XL could feature a 6.73-inch AMOLED screen. The Pixel 9 family is believed to come with an upgraded Exynos 5400 modem. 




title = "Microsoft Reportedly Exploring Cloud-Only, Family Plan and Ad-Supported Xbox Game Pass Tiers" ,  Microsoft hiked the pricing for Xbox Game Pass and introduced a new ‘Standard' tier for the game subscription service earlier this month, but more changes to Game Pass may be on their way. The Xbox parent could reportedly be working on more new Game Pass tiers. These could include a cloud-only subscription tier, an ad-supported tier and a friends and family plan. New Xbox Game Pass tiers planned Citing sources, Windows Central claims that Microsoft has further plans for its game subscription service. A could-only version of Game Pass, which would allow players on devices outside of the Xbox ecosystem to access the catalogue of games on the service, could reportedly be in the works. This tier would be cheaper than Xbox Game Pass Ultimate could also be available on competing console platforms. Additionally, citing “very tentative” rumours, the report says that Microsoft could bring back the Xbox Game Pass Friends and Family Plan, which was earlier tested in select regions but never saw a wide rollout. This plan would cater to multiple users in a family, similar to family plans of other subscription services. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 Is Coming to Xbox Game Pass This Month: Report And finally, the report also talks about an ad-supported Game Pass tier, much like the ad-based tiers for Netflix and Amazon Prime Video. This tier would reportedly cater to players who do not want to pay a subscription fee for Game Pass and would instead get access to an ad-based version of the service at no cost. This was reported last year, as well, when a publication said that Xbox Gaming CFO Tim Stuart had suggested a free version of the subscription service supported by ads. More recently, Microsoft launched the Xbox cloud gaming service on the Xbox app on Amazon Fire TV Stick. Game Pass Ultimate subscribers can now access the platform's cloud gaming service to play Xbox titles on the Amazon Fire TV Stick, without requiring a dedicated Xbox console. Call of Duty on Game Pass Microsoft's decision to raise Game Pass pricing across tiers and territories comes weeks after the company announced that the next instalment in the highly lucrative Call of Duty franchise would be available on Xbox's game subscription service at launch. Call of Duty: Black Ops 6, set for release on October 25, will become the first COD title to be made available on Game Pass at launch. Microsoft Brings Cloud Gaming to Amazon Fire TV Stick With Xbox App The company is reportedly also planning to add the most recent Call of Duty title, last year's Modern Warfare 3 (review), towards the end of July. Microsoft and Call of Duty maker Activision, however, have not yet confirmed any plans to bring the game to the service. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google TV Streamer Could be an Android-Powered Table-Top Successor to Chromecast: Report" ,  Google may be developing a successor to its Chromecast with Google TV (4K), which launched in 2020, and images of the device have now surfaced thanks to a report. The streaming device, dubbed “Google TV Streamer”, is speculated to have a set-top box-like form factor instead of adopting a dongle format which hung behind the TV. Notably, Google, in March, was reported to have kicked off the development process of an Android-powered Chromecast device. Google TV Streamer Design Leak In a report, 9to5Google shared images of the purported Google TV Streamer, hinting at its design. The device is said to have been redesigned, with Google ditching the dongle-like form factor. Until now, all Google Chromecast devices have featured the same design, with the ability to be hung on the back of the TV while attached to the HDMI port. However, the new device may reportedly have a pill-shaped slanting structure, perhaps resembling a Wi-Fi router.  Leaked Image of the Purported Google TV StreamerPhoto Credit: 9to5Google Google TV Streamer appears to have two cables running out from the back. The device is speculated to be minimal in height, potentially making its placement easier beneath TVs. As per the report, the TV Streamer's remote seems similar to the existing model with the D-Pad, back and home buttons in the top half. However, the voice input button no longer appears to have the Google Assistant branding, with the company potentially opting for a generic button. The volume buttons may be brought to the remote's front facia, instead of being placed on the sides. Furthermore, the report suggests Google may ditch the “Chromecast” moniker, with the device being called “Google TV Streamer” instead. Apple HomePod Mini Introduced in New Midnight Colour Option in India


Apple Said to Be Working on a Table-Top Robot With AI Features


Amazon Launches Alexa-Powered Echo Spot With a New Display Design This development corroborates a previous report which claimed that Google was in the process of developing a successor to 2020's Chromecast with Google TV (4K) device. It was reportedly codenamed “YTC”, and was discovered following a preview update of the Google Home app. It was said to be mentioned along with earlier versions "YTV" (Chromecast with Google TV) and "YTB" (Chromecast HD). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "UPI One World Wallet Services Launched For NRIs, International Travellers by NPCI" ,  UPI One World wallet service has been launched by the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) for non-resident Indians (NRIs) and international travellers visiting the country. The service was first announced last year during the G20 summit which India hosted. It will allow travellers who do not have an Indian bank account to access the Unified Payments Interface (UPI) system and make payments using it. The initiative was launched by NPCI in collaboration with IDFC First Bank and Transcorp International Limited under the guidance of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). UPI One World Wallet Service Launched Announcing the service in a post, NPCI said that travellers visiting India will be able to make secure digital payments and transact with merchants and vendors across the country with the UPI One World wallet. The service will allow travellers to eliminate the need to carry large amounts of cash or face the hassle of multiple foreign exchange transactions. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  With the UPI One World wallet service, foreign travellers and NRIs will be able to download a Prepaid Payment Instrument (PPI)-UPI app which will allow them to scan any merchant QR codes with their smartphone's camera to make payments. They can also transact online with their UPI ID. NPCI said the UPI One World wallet can be used at merchant stores, hotels, and restaurants, as well as for online shopping, entertainment, transportation, travel booking, and more. NPCI International Teams Up With QNB to Enable UPI Payments in Qatar


NPCI Introduces QR Code-Based UPI Payments in UAE


RBI Working to Expand UPI to 20 Countries by 2028-29: RBI Annual Report To avail of the service, users will have to get the PPI-UPI app from authorised issuers across the country. Once the app has been issued, travellers can load up the app with their desired amount in INR. Any unused amount will be transferred back to the origin source, as per foreign exchange regulations. The initiative is aimed at making travel and stay in India seamless for international visitors. How to access UPI One World service Download the issuer app and sign in. Complete the Know Your Customer (KYC) process by verifying passport, valid visa, and other information physically at the Issuer Counter. Once completed, the individual will be issued UPI One World on their international mobile number. Travellers can then load up the app with INR value by exchanging foreign currency at the issuer counter or by using a credit or debit card. The app can then be used to make UPI payments. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "WazirX Reports 80 Intents on Bounty Within First 24 Hours, Says Working on Resuming Withdrawals" ,  WazirX, that recently launched a bounty initiative worth $23 million (roughly Rs. 192 crore), is hoping to get its stolen funds of over $230 million (roughly Rs. 1,924 crore) traced through third party coders and hackers. The exchange, in an update shared on X, noted that it received 80 intents for its bounty initiative within the first 24 hours of launching the programme. The exchange is inviting members from India's tech community to help it recover as much of the stolen fund as possible. WazirX has also roped in law enforcement officers and India's Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) to identify the hacker and attempt to recover funds. As part of its update on X, WazirX said, “We urgently need more support from our ecosystem, security professionals, and ethical hackers.” We've received over 80 intents for our bounty program within 24 hours.Time is critical. We urgently need more support from our ecosystem, security professionals, and ethical hackers.While $23 million is the bounty, your impact on the community is invaluable.Bounty details… pic.twitter.com/yUeeDjpujj— WazirX: India Ka Bitcoin Exchange (@WazirXIndia) July 22, 2024 WazirX's bounty programme is offering USDT worth $10,000 (roughly Rs. 8.3 lakh) to those who can help it identify the stolen funds and freezing them. Meanwhile, WazirX has also called out the hacker to return the funds in exchange for its White Hat bounty worth $23 million (roughly Rs. 192 crore). The bounty programme from WazirX will be valid for three months. Shetty, meanwhile, has called for support from the overall crypto community to assist in asset recovery. WazirX’s $23 Million Bounty Plan Brings Little Relief to Users Amid Concerns The crypto community of India, especially members of WazirX's userbase, have been restless since this rather sophisticated hack attack that transpired on July 18. One multi-sig wallet of WazirX, that was monitored by Liminal Custody, was breached by the hacker leading to the mega financial loss. Since then, WazirX has kept deposits and withdrawals services suspended. Later, the exchange also halted trading on its platform. In conversation with Gadgets360 earlier this week, users of the app had asked for clarity on the timeline around which WazirX plans to resume withdrawals. The app users fear seeing losses at a time when crypto is witnessing a bull run and Bitcoin is trading at a high price of $66,433 (roughly Rs. 55.5 lakh). How Indian Crypto Exchanges Reacted to the WazirX Hack Aftermath The exchange heard its users and addressed their questions through a short post on X. We are actively working on enabling withdrawals for our users.We appreciate your patience during this complex process. We will provide updates as soon as we have more information.You can read our day-by-day incident report here :point_down:https://t.co/VUL18mfsA7— WazirX: India Ka Bitcoin Exchange (@WazirXIndia) July 22, 2024 The co-founder of the exchange, Nischal Shetty has also said that the users will be informed about restarting the withdrawal services as soon as the details are finalised. The industry analysts suspect North Korea's infamous Lazarus Group for carrying out this attack. There has, however, been no confirmation. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iPhone 17, iPhone 17 Pro Specifications, Launch Timelines Tipped; iPhone 17 Slim Said to Get New Design" ,  There's enough information about Apple's iPhone 16 models available today well ahead of its usual September iPhone launch event. While the new phones are expected to pack iterative upgrades, the latest leaks still don't indicate any signs of a redesign or brand-new models. However, a new leak has now shed some light on Apple's iPhone 17 lineup which could be launched in 2025. While we have seen a few leaks in the past about which models are expected to be launched, this new leak delves into the details about each model. Tipster Ice Universe on Chinese microblogging platform Weibo posted details about all the iPhone models slated to launch in 2025. With the launch of the iPhone 16 series expected to take place in September this year, the iPhone 17 models could be launched in 2025. Indeed, this also leaves plenty of time for the leaks to solidify or settle. Therefore, we do request our readers to take the below information with a pinch of salt. iPhone SE (4th generation) Specifications (Rumoured) The tipster explains that the much-awaited upgrade to the iPhone SE, may still be called the iPhone SE (4th generation) but will come with some big upgrades (by Apple standards). If this leak turns out to be genuine, the iPhone SE (4th generation) could be the first iPhone SE model to feature an OLED panel. Moreover, the tipster hints that this OLED panel would also be the largest one to be mounted on an iPhone SE model. Sadly, this display would still refresh at 60Hz only. Traditionally, iPhone SE models have always had small displays with compact dimensions. The currently available iPhone SE which is on sale in India at Rs. 49,999 still has a 4.7-inch, 60Hz LCD display. The iPhone SE (4th generation) is said to pack an Apple A18 SoC and have 6-8GB of LPDDR5 RAM. Apple Seeds iOS 17.6 Public Beta 3 for iPhone With Bug Fixes iPhone 17 Specifications (Rumoured) While the currently available iPhone 15 and 15 Plus models got upgraded to OLED displays (with the Dynamic Island feature), these still have a standard 60Hz refresh rate. The iPhone 17 models are said to have a higher (120Hz) variable refresh rate with LTPO technology making way for Apple's always-on-display features which dims the lock screen, keeping it on and visible all-day while using minimal power. The iPhone 17 and 17 Plus models are said to get 6.27-inch and 6.65-inch LTPO panels, pack an A19 SoC, and have 8GB of RAM. iPhone 17 Pro Specifications (Rumoured) The iPhone 17 Pro models (for now) are said to get some iterative upgrades. While current gen models like the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max already pack in 8GB of RAM, the iPhone 17 Pro models are said to pack 12GB of RAM. The Pro models mentioned here will also get three 48-megapixel rear cameras. These models would be powered by the Apple A19 Pro SoC. iPhone 17 Slim/Ultra Specifications (Rumoured) Lastly, there's some minor details about the iPhone 17 Slim, which could be Apple's Ultra model to take on similar ‘Ultra'-branded models from Samsung and other Chinese brands. While an earlier report did shed light on how Apple plans to make the phone slimmer, a recent report claimed that Apple has yet to lock on using RCC components which would replace the current copper-clad laminate (CCL) motherboards used in current gen devices. The RCC components would reduce the thickness of these internal components, letting Apple make its new iPhone models a lot slimmer. The recent report however, only talks about stalling development for iPhone 17 models in particular (which would ideally not include the new iPhone 17 Slim or Pro models). The latest leak from the Ice Universe now hints that Apple will launch an iPhone 17 Slim/Ultra model and that it would have a completely redesigned ultra-thin appearance. iPhone 17 launch timeline While the tipster has not mentioned any details about the launch timeline in the post, the attached image details suggest that the iPhone SE (4th generation) could be launched between April and May, 2025 while the rest of the models would launch during the usual September schedule in 2025. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Spotify Premium Introduces Limited-Time Offer in India With 3 Months of Ad-Free Listening at Rs. 59" ,  Spotify – the Swedish audio streaming platform – has announced a new offer for prospective subscribers of its premium subscription in India. Courtesy of a new limited-time deal introduced by Spotify, users can enjoy ad-free music streaming at a discounted price via the Individual plan. With this offer, Spotify Premium subscribers can listen to music without any interruptions, in addition to access to features such as a customisable queue, the ability to play songs in any order and better streaming quality. Spotify Premium Promotional Offer On its website, Spotify mentions that users who wish to subscribe to the Individual plan can enjoy a limited-time promotional offer and get three months of Spotify Premium subscription at Rs. 59. The plan is usually priced at Rs. 119 per month. However, there is a catch. It is only limited to first-time subscribers. This means if you have previously subscribed to, or are currently enrolled on Spotify Premium, it may not be available to you. Spotify says its promotional offer is live till August 25 in India.  Limited Time Offer on Spotify PremiumPhoto Credit: Spotify This promotional offer is only valid on the Premium Individual plan, but there are notable offers on Spotify's other plans too. The music-streaming platform is currently offering double the validity of its other plans for the price of one month. This offer is live on Spotify Premium's Duo, Family and Student subscriptions. This development comes a month after Spotify announced a price hike for all its premium plans in the US for the second time in 12 months. The streaming platform revealed that new users will now be able to subscribe to the Individual plan at $11.99 a month, up from $10.99. The Duo plan sees a $2 price hike and is now priced at $16.99, while the Spotify Premium Family plan, which was previously listed for $16.99, will now cost $19.99. X May Allow Users to Disable Links in Post Replies With New Feature


WhatApp May Let Users Pick Unique Usernames via Its Web Client


You Can Now Add Up to 20 Audio Tracks to a Single Instagram Reel Spotify Premium Benefits Spotify Premium brings ad-free streaming of over 100 million songs. With the subscription, users can take advantage of higher audio quality, organise their listening queues, get insights into their streaming habits and play songs in any order without being tied to the shuffle-only mode. Furthermore, it also brings offline streaming of music, enabling users to download tracks and playlists on their devices. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "OnePlus Open 2 Tipped to Get 6,000mAh Battery, May Debut as Oppo Find N5 in Some Markets" ,  OnePlus Open was launched last year as the inaugural foldable smartphone from OnePlus. The book-style foldable with high-resolution cover display and Hasselblad-branded triple rear cameras is expected to get a successor in 2025. OnePlus is yet to confirm the existence of the rumoured OnePlus Open 2, but a Chinese tipster has revealed more details about its arrival now. The original OnePlus Open was launched in China as the Oppo Find N3. So we can expect the OnePlus Open 2 to debut in China as Oppo Find N5. Chinese tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) on Weibo posted that BBK-owned Oppo and Vivo are working on new foldable phones due to launch in the first quarter of next year. They are said to pack Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chip and massive 6,000mAh battery units.  Photo Credit: Weibo Oppo's next foldable could be rebranded as OnePlus Open 2 OnePlus rebranded the China exclusive Oppo Find N3 as the OnePlus Open for international markets including India and the company is likely to follow the same strategy for the second iteration. Based on this, we can expect the OnePlus Open 2 to house a 6,000mAh battery. OnePlus Nord 4 With Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 SoC Goes Official in India Last year's OnePlus Open carries a 4,805mAh battery that supports 67W SuperVOOC charging. Therefore, adding a 6,000mAh battery to the OnePlus Open 2 would be a notable upgrade over its predecessor. OnePlus is expected to depend on its newly unveiled Glacier Battery technology for this upgrade. If the device ends up packing the rumoured 6,000mAh battery, it could be the biggest battery in a foldable phone. It would heat up competition between OnePlus, Samsung and other foldable makers. Additionally, Digital Chat Station reiterated predictions about Huawei's tri-fold foldable. It is tipped to come with a dual hinge design with Kirin 9-series chipset and offer “various new technologies.” The tipster however didn't say anything about the launch timeframe of the device. To recall, the OnePlus Open was unveiled in India in October 2023 with a price tag of Rs. 1,39,999 for the sole 16GB RAM + 512GB storage version. It has a 7.82-inch 2K AMOLED inner display and a 6.31-inch 2K AMOLED cover screen. It runs on Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC and carries a Hasselblad-branded triple rear camera setup led by a 48-megapixel primary camera. OnePlus Pad 2 With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC Debuts in India    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "South Korea Implements Legal Framework to Protect Crypto Community Against Financial Risks: All Details" ,  South Korea has implemented its much talked-about “Virtual Asset User Protection Act” that defines the dos and don'ts for crypto firms, that wish to offer their services in the nation. This legal framework is aimed at controlling and eventually curbing the exploit of crypto assets for illicit activities like money laundering and terror financing. The South Korean government appears to have mirrored the laws implemented by other regions including India and the EU, but has also listed some new preventative measures focused on the crypto sector. What is New in South Korea's Crypto Laws Seoul, as part of this fresh legislation, has directed all virtual asset service providers (VASPs) to protect user deposits by keeping them in banks and paying interest payments to the depositors. In light of rising hack attacks on crypto exchanges and instances of funds mismanagement, Seoul has mandated VASPs to keep their company funds completely separate from user funds. WazirX’s $23 Million Bounty Plan Brings Little Relief to Users Amid Concerns The authorities of the Asian nation has divided the oversight on crypto between two bodies – the Financial Supervisory Service (FSS) and the Financial Services Commission (FSC). While the FSS will be responsible for ensuring that all the VASPs are complying with the laws laid down for crypto companies, the FSC has been tasked to tackle rule-breakers, take corrective decisions, and imposing administrative decisions. India still does not have any specific government entity for overseeing the crypto sector. Usually, the finance ministry and the RBI work together around crypto-related policy work and decisions, but neither is officially responsible for the crypto sector. How Indian Crypto Exchanges Reacted to the WazirX Hack Aftermath Which Laws are Similar South Korea has made it compulsory for crypto-related firms to register with its financial regulators. In India as well, all crypto firms have to register with the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU). Crypto exchanges have also been asked to identify and report suspicious transactions to the financial authorities to timely mitigate any financial risks. These laws are also common with European Union's MiCA laws. Much like India, South Korea is focusing on ensuring that the crypto tokens listed on exchanges in the nation are safe and secure. Seoul has been getting exchanges to review all the crypto tokens to see if they are all legitimate and compliant. In India, the crypto industry has been deploying self-regulatory laws around assessment of crypto tokens a regular time of intervals. “The financial authorities plan to continue to seek stronger cooperation with investigative authorities and actively seek improvements to make sure that the new law is effectively implemented. The guidelines suggest the minimum level of compliance standards required for all virtual asset exchange service providers and recommend that VASPs provide essential information to their users,” the release from South Korea's FSC noted. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  




title = "Hong Kong to Launch 'Inverse Bitcoin ETF' for First Time in Asia" ,  Asia's first inverse Bitcoin exchange-traded fund that allows investors to bet on a fall in the cryptocurrency, is set to debut in Hong Kong on Tuesday. Hong Kong's CSOP Asset Management said it will launch the CSOP Bitcoin Futures Daily (-1x) Inverse Product on the city's stock exchange on Tuesday morning. The ETF is expected to take advantage of rising demand to profit from the volatile trading of cryptocurrencies. After the first batch of spot crypto ETFs went public in Hong Kong in April, Bitcoin had a bumpy second quarter, losing more than 12 percent. WazirX’s $23 Million Bounty Plan Brings Little Relief to Users Amid Concerns "The first futures-based inverse Bitcoin product listed in Hong Kong creates opportunities for investors to gain from downside movements in bitcoin," said Ding Chen, CEO of CSOP Asset Management in a statement. Bitcoin has been the most erratic among major global assets in the last ten years, with volatility as high as 38.3 percent in 2023, surpassing crude oil and the Nasdaq 100, the company added. Bitcoin rebounded strongly in the past few weeks on increased expectations that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump would regain the White House. It was up slightly and traded at around $67,400 (roughly Rs. 56.3 lakh) on Monday following U.S. President Joe Biden's decision to quit the presidential race. CSOP's inverse Bitcoin product aims to provide a return that closely matches the one-time inverse daily performance of the S&P Bitcoin Futures Index, the firm said. CSOP launched Asia's first Bitcoin futures ETF in Hong Kong in 2022. The market value of the ETF grew to more than $100 million (roughly Rs. 836 crore) due to the global crypto price rally earlier this year, but had dropped to about $58 million (roughly Rs. 485.2 crore) as of Friday. © Thomson Reuters 2024 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   




title = "Infinix Introduces New 720-Degree SphereTech NFC Technology, Claims Double the Signal Range" ,  Infinix announced the introduction of its new near-field communication (NFC) technology last week. Dubbed 720-degree SphereTech NFC, the consumer technology brand claims that it has made significant advancements to the existing NFC technology to improve both its signal radius and the card reading area. At the moment, the company has not revealed which smartphones might get this feature. Infinix claims that the 720-degree SphereTech NFC will address issues such as transaction failure and card readability of NFC-enabled smartphones while making the process seamless. Infinix Introduces SphereTech NFC Technology In a press release, the smartphone maker said that the new 720-degree SphereTech NFC is a proprietary and self-developed technology which has been patented. Describing the NFC technology, Infinix said it doubles the signal range compared to existing capability and increases the card reading area by 200 percent. “Our commitment to innovation and understanding user needs has driven us to create a solution that not only enhances functionality but also provides unparalleled security and convenience for our users. The 720° SphereTech NFC significantly improves the mobile experience in NFC applications, offering seamless, reliable, and secure interactions from multiple angles,” said Li Cao, Senior Manager, NFC Department of Infinix. Infinix Note 40X 5G Leaks in Live Image; Specifications Tipped The company claimed that the expanded signal coverage and stability will ensure a smooth and seamless performance from any angle. Notably, Infinix claims any smartphone enabled with the SphereTech NFC can be tapped on the front, back, and top sides to complete a transaction. Describing how the NFC technology works, the company claims it was built with a better spatial layout, signal compatibility, and material type configuration. However, the company did not delve deeper into any of these technologies to explain the impact of these new additions. It did mention that the main advantage users will see with this NFC implementation is the reduction of angle limitations and more reliable interactions while making a transaction. Infinix Note 40 5G Review: Noteworthy Budget Phone


Infinix Note 40S 4G Detailed Specifications Confirmed Ahead of Launch Notably, NFC technology was first seen in the Nokia 6131 in 2006. The Google Nexus S was the first Android smartphone to use NFC in 2011. The technology allows smartphones and other devices to quickly exchange data by touching them together. It is generally used to make transactions at retail touch points. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Vivo V40 Series With 5,500mAh Battery and IP68 Rating May Launch in India Soon: Report" ,  Vivo V40 series may launch in India soon, according to a report. The smartphone series is expected to debut as a successor to the V30 series which was introduced in March this year. Vivo's upcoming handset lineup is speculated to comprise two models: V40 and V40 Pro – with the former already making its entry into the European market last month. Notably, the Vivo V40 Pro was allegedly spotted on the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) website recently, hinting at its impending debut in India. Vivo V40 Series Launch in India (Expected) According to a 91Mobiles report, the Vivo V40 series is expected to come with a 5,500mAh battery and may debut in India in August. It is tipped to be the “slimmest phone” in its segment. Both models are said to feature an IP68 rating against dust and water ingress. Furthermore, Vivo's upcoming handsets may feature a 3D curved display and an Infinity Eye Camera module. In terms of optics, it may pack Zeiss Optics cameras, with support for multifocal portraits. The report further suggests that both handsets could have a cushioning structure for improved durability. The Vivo V40 is expected to sport the same specifications as its European counterpart. iQoo Z9s Series India Launch Set for August; Rear Design Teased Vivo V40 Specifications Vivo V40 features a 6.78-inch curved AMOLED display with a 2,800 x 1,260 pixels resolution and a 120Hz refresh rate. The screen supports 4,500 nits of peak brightness. The handset is powered by a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC under the hood, paired with an Adreno 720 GPU, up to 12GB of LPDDR4X RAM and up to 512GB of UFS 2.2 onboard storage. It comes with a dual rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel primary rear camera with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support and another 50-megapixel camera paired with an ultra-wide-angle lens. On the front, it gets a 50-megapixel shooter for selfies. Motorola Edge 50 Neo Design, Specifications Tipped Online


Oppo K12x 5G India Launch Date, Design, Colourways, Key Features Revealed Vivo V40 is backed by a 5,500mAh battery with support for 80W fast charging via USB Type-C. In terms of connectivity, it comes with dual-SIM, 5G, Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.4, NFC, and GPS. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iPhone SE 4 Pricing, Launch Timeline Leaked; Tipped to Get A18 SoC, 6.06-Inch OLED Screen, More" ,  Apple doesn't follow a systematic launch timeline for the iPhone SE. The second iPhone SE was released in April 2020, while the newest third-generation model popped up in March 2022. Now, the iPhone SE 4 could be in the works for a release in the first half of next year if a recent leak is to be believed. The leak coming out of China also gives us an insight into the pricing and internals of the budget iPhone. It is expected to feature a 6.06-inch OLED display. Tipster Ice Universe posted alleged pricing, specifications and launch timeline of the iPhone SE 4 on Weibo. As per the leak, the pint-sized iPhone could be launched between March and May next year. It is said to be priced between $499 (roughly Rs. 42,000) and $549 (roughly Rs. 46,000). For comparison, the iPhone SE (2022) was unveiled with a starting price tag of $429 (roughly Rs. 35,000) for the base 64GB model. iPhone SE (2022) Review: Defying Expectations iPhone SE 4 specifications (leaked) The iPhone SE 4 is tipped to come with a single 48-megapixel rear camera. The predecessor, in contrast, has a single 12-megapixel camera sensor at the back. The upcoming model is said to sport a 6.06-inch panel with a 60Hz refresh rate. This would be a notable upgrade from the 4.7-inch screen of the iPhone SE (2022). The screen could be an OLED panel. This is likely to be the first time we will get an OLED screen on an iPhone SE model. The latest information corroborates past leaks. iPhone SE 4 Tipped to Be More Expensive Than Its Predecessor Further, the iPhone SE 4 is said to be fueled by Apple's A18 chipset with 6GB and 8GB LPDDR5 RAM options. The upcoming flagship iPhone 16 models are also anticipated to run on the same chipset. It is expected to feature an aluminium frame and support Face ID. It could support charging through a USB Type-C port. Apple packed USB connector for the first time in iPhone 15 in compliance with the EU's common charger regulation. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Elon Musk to Deploy Humanoid Robots for Internal Use in Tesla Factories by Next Year" ,  Tesla will have humanoid robots in "low production" for the company's internal use next year, CEO Elon Musk said on Monday, months after he announced a rollout by the end of 2024. The automaker will have the robots "hopefully" in high production for other companies in 2026, Musk said in a post on social media platform X. Musk had said in April that the Tesla robot, called Optimus, would be able to perform tasks in factory by the end of this year and could be ready for sale as soon as the end of 2025. Tesla Shareholder Sues Elon Musk for Alleged $7.5 Billion Insider Trading Humanoid robots have been in development for several years by Japan's Honda and Hyundai Motor's Boston Dynamics. Companies are betting on them to meet potential labor shortages and perform repetitive tasks that could be dangerous or tedious such as logistics, warehousing and manufacturing. Musk has a history of failing to fulfill bold promises to Wall Street. In 2019, he told investors that Tesla would be operating a network of "robotaxi" autonomous cars by 2020. X May Allow Users to Disable Links in Post Replies With New Feature Last week, he signaled that an unveil of the robotaxi would take more time, saying he requested "an important design change" to the front of the vehicle. Tesla put out the first generation of its Optimus robot, dubbed Bumblebee, in September 2022. This year, the company posted a video of a second generation of the bipedal robot folding a T-shirt at the firm's facility. Musk has in recent months pivoted to focus on artificial intelligence, autonomous driving software, robotaxis and the Optimus robot amid tapering demand for EVs, which make up more than 80 percent of Tesla's quarterly revenue. Tesla is set to report its second-quarter results on Tuesday, with Wall Street expecting margins to hit a more than five-year low, but focus will also be on Musk's ambitious plans for robotaxis and AI products. Tesla shares were up about one percent premarket on Monday. © Thomson Reuters 2024 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  




title = "iQoo Z9s Series India Launch Set for August; Teased to Feature Triple Cameras" ,  iQoo is bringing new Z series smartphones to India. The Vivo sub-brand on Monday confirmed the arrival of the iQoo Z9s series in the country. While iQoo has only mentioned the iQoo Z9s series, we can expect it to include a minimum of two models. The announcement comes a few days after the launch of iQoo Z9 Lite 5G with MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset. iQoo currently offers multiple models — iQoo Z9 Turbo, iQoo Z9, iQoo Z9x, and iQoo Z9x 5G — in its Z series portfolio. iQoo Z9s series coming to India iQoo India CEO Nipun Marya teased the arrival of the iQoo Z9s series in India through an X post. Marya didn't reveal an exact launch date but he confirmed that it will be unveiled in August. The post shows the rear design of the handset. It is seen with a rectangular-shaped rear camera module housing three cameras and a ring-shaped LED light. All current iQoo Z9 phones have dual rear cameras. The rear design of the iQoo Z9s is similar to the design language of the iQoo Z9 5G and iQoo Z9x 5G, which were launched in India in the first half of this year. The upcoming lineup is expected to include at least iQoo Z9s and iQoo Z9s Pro models. iQoo Z9x Review: Budget 5G Redefined? The vanilla iQoo Z9 5G was launched with a starting price tag of Rs. 19,999 for the 8GB RAM + 128GB storage model. The iQoo Z9x 5G is priced at Rs. 12,999 for the 4GB+128GB RAM and storage configuration. iQoo Z9 5G runs on a MediaTek Dimensity 7200 5G SoC, while the iQoo Z9x 5G is equipped with a Snapdragon 6 Gen 1 SoC. Both phones have 50-megapixel dual rear camera units and 44W fast charging support.  iQoo Z9 Turbo, iQoo Z9, iQoo Z9x Launched: Check Price, Specifications  




title = "Redmi Pad SE 4G Renders, Key Features Leak Ahead of India Launch; Pad Pro 5G to Debut Alongside" ,  Redmi Pad Pro 5G will launch in India alongside the Redmi Pad SE 4G. The company previously confirmed the arrival of the 4G variant of the Redmi Pad SE in the country. It has now been revealed that the bigger Pro model will also be introduced in the Indian market. Xiaomi has teased key features of the Indian version of the Redmi Pad Pro 5G and it is expected to be similar to its Chinese counterpart. Meanwhile, leaked design renders as well as some expected features of the Redmi Pad SE 4G have surfaced online. Redmi Pad Pro 5G, Redmi Pad SE 4G India Launch The Redmi Pad Pro 5G will launch in India on July 29, the company announced via an official X post. Meanwhile, the Redmi Pad SE 4G has also been confirmed to launch on the same day. An official microsite for the Redmi Pad Pro 5G has also gone live revealing a few key features of the upcoming tablet. Redmi Pad Pro 5G Features The Indian version of the Redmi Pad Pro 5G is confirmed to get a 12.1-inch display with a 120Hz refresh rate. It will also get Dolby Atmos-backed quad speakers and a 10,000mAh battery with up to 12 hours of video playback time. The official microsite also confirms that the tablet will run Xiaomi HyperOS out-of-the-box and come with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC. It is also shown to have stylus support and as per its name, 5G connectivity. Redmi Pad SE 4G Design Teased, Confirmed to Launch in India on This Date Redmi Pad SE 4G Leaked Design Renders, Expected Features Leaked renders of the Redmi Pad SE 8.7 have been shared in an X post by tipster Sudhanshu Ambhore (@Sudhanshu1414). This is the upcoming Redmi Pad SE 4G tablet. It is seen in a grey colour option with a circular rear camera module in the top left corner of the panel. The right edge holds the volume rocker and the power button while the left edge appears with the SIM tray slot. Exclusive: Redmi Pad SE 8.7 renders & specs!- 8.7 inch, LCD, HD, 1340x800- Helio G99- 8MP Main- 5MP Selfie- 4GB+64GB/128GB- 6650mAh- 3.5mm jack, microSD slot (up to 2TB), Bluetooth 5.3, USB-C- Dolby Atmos- Android 14 pic.twitter.com/y1opWxsTyl— Sudhanshu Ambhore (@Sudhanshu1414) July 22, 2024 The front panel of the Redmi Pad SE 4G appears with thick bezels and a centred hole-punch slot within the top bezel. The renders also show speaker grilles on the top and bottom edges alongside a 3.5mm audio slot and a USB Type-C port. As per the tipster, the Redmi Pad SE 4G is expected to sport an 8.7-inch HD (1,340 x 800 pixels) LCD screen. It will likely be powered by a MediaTek Helio G99 SoC paired with 4GB of RAM. The post suggests that the tablet will be available in two storage options — 64GB and 128GB. It is also likely to ship with Android 14-based HyperOS. Redmi Pad Pro Is Officially Confirmed to Launch in India Soon


Redmi Pad SE Review: Good Budget Tablet For optics, the Redmi Pad SE 4G may get an 8-megapixel main rear sensor and a 5-megapixel selfie camera. The tablet is tipped to be backed by a 6,650mAh battery. It is expected to support Bluetooth 5.3 and USB Type-C. It is also likely to come with Dolby Atmos-backed speakers and support for up to 2TB expandable storage via microSD card. 




title = "MediaTek Dimensity 8400 SoC Tipped to Fare Better in Benchmarks than Snapdragon 8 Gen 3" ,  MediaTek Dimensity 8400 chipset is tipped to be launched later this year as a non-flagship processor for smartphones. As per the tipster, the mobile platform has achieved a score between 1.7 million and 1.8 million in the AnTuTu benchmark tests, marking a slight jump over Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset. Further, the unreleased MediaTek chipset is also claimed to be cheaper to manufacture than the Qualcomm counterpart, which could lead to it being a more popular chipset among smartphone makers, as per the leak. MediaTek Dimensity 8400 SoC Tipped to Outperform Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 According to tipster Digital Chat Station in a post on Weibo, MediaTek could launch a non-flagship chipset dubbed Dimensity 8400 later this year. The post claims the mobile platform could give tough competition to the flagship-tier Snapdragon 8 Gen 3. In the post, the tipster said (translated via Google), “The Dimensity 8400 currently has a running score of 170-180, which is much higher than the Snapdragon 8s Gen 3.” Here the 170-180 likely refers to the AnTuTu benchmark scores of 1.7 to 1.8 million. While the mentioned Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 scored far lesser in the same benchmark (876,000), even the flagship 8 Gen 3 numbers are in the same ballpark. The Snapdragon 8 Gen 3-powered Samsung Galaxy S24 scored 1.74 million on the benchmarking website. However, several devices including the iQOO 12 powered by the same Snapdragon chip scored close to 2 million on the benchmark. Alternatively, the processor ranking on AnTuTu posts the 8 Gen 3 at a 1.2 million score. MediaTek Said to Be Designing Arm-Based Chip for Microsoft's AI Laptops So, depending on which score Digital Chat Station is referring to, the score reflected by MediaTek Dimensity 8400 could give tough competition to Snapdragon. Further, replying to another user, the tipster also highlighted that devices equipped with the upcoming MediaTek SoC could also start at a very cheap price point. As per the post, the chipset could feature in smartphones starting at CNY 1,500 (roughly Rs. 17,250). This could incentivise smartphone manufacturers to use the MediaTek Dimensity 8400 in more devices. MediaTek Introduces New Processors for Chromebooks, Smart TVs


MediaTek Dimensity 7300, Dimensity 7300X SoCs With AI Capabilities Unveiled However, it should be noted that CPU performance is just one of the many metrics that determine the overall performance of a chipset. For instance, optimisation, power efficiency, and the right implementation of efficiency cores to protect the chip from overheating are all important factors. Whether or not the MediaTek processor will fare well on these parameters can only be known once the chipset has been launched. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "X Said to Be Developing Feature That Lets Users Disable Links in Post Replies" ,  X (formerly Twitter)– the microblogging platform owned by Elon Musk – is said to developing a feature that may let users disable links in the replies of their posts, according to claims by an app researcher on social media. It is speculated to aid in reducing spam links posted in replies to posts on the platform by introducing the ability to natively block links. Notably, X was also recently reported to be working on a ‘dislike' button for the iOS app, allowing users to downvote replies. Disabling Links in Replies on X The discovery was made by independent app researcher Nima Owji (@nima_owji) with a track record of unearthing unreleased features on X. In a post on the platform, Owji revealed that X may allow users to disable links in post replies via a check mark. A screenshot shared by the user suggests it appears under the Only accounts you mention banner. X is working on the ability to let you disable links in the replies of your posts! pic.twitter.com/dddP0a8l5w— Nima Owji (@nima_owji) July 19, 2024 Replying to a subsequent quoted post, Christopher Stanley, a Security Researcher at X, confirmed its authenticity. “My team built this”, Stanley wrote. It is just one of the features that X is reported to be developing as it aims to realise Elon Musk's vision of becoming an “everything app” that can do everything, from messaging to payments, similar to China's WeChat. The platform was rebranded from Twitter to X last year, replacing the iconic ‘Larry the Bird' logo with a simple ‘X'. Previously reported under-development features of X include in-app currency which content creators can earn on the platform – an extension to the existing tipping features on X. However, it hasn't made its way onto the platform yet. WhatApp May Let Users Pick Unique Usernames via Its Web Client


You Can Now Add Up to 20 Audio Tracks to a Single Instagram Reel


WhatsApp Makes It Easier to Access Frequent Chats With Favourites Filter Hidden Likes Tab In addition to developing the ability to disable links in replies, X also introduced a big change last year when it removed the Likes tab from the profile, albeit for X Premium subscribers only. However, earlier this year, Haofei, an engineer at X, announced that the tab would soon be hidden for everyone to prevent people from feeling “discouraged” when they like certain content. Following the change, only the author would know when someone has liked their post. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Jio Revises Its Rs. 349 Prepaid Plan After Recent Price Hike; Improves Validity" ,  Update: Reliance Jio has reached out to Gadgets 360 to clarify that the Rs. 349 prepaid plan does not have any validity change. Jio refers to the 28-day cycle for prepaid plans as monthly plans. As such, the referenced X post mentions the existing recharge plan without any new revisions. Reliance Jio announced the revision of its Rs. 349 prepaid recharge plan on Friday, just weeks after it hiked the prices of several daily, monthly, and annual prepaid and postpaid plans. The telecom company stated that the changes were made after receiving customer feedback. While the new revision does not increase the daily internet data provided or the number of free SMS, it increases the validity of the plan. Notably, the Rs. 349 plan has been labelled as Hero 5G by Reliance Jio. Jio Revises Rs. 349 Prepaid Plan In a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), the official handle of Reliance Jio announced the revision of its entry-level plan which offers unlimited 5G in regions where the company has its True 5G service. With the revision, now users can get a validity of 30 days instead of 28 days. Airtel vs Jio vs Vi: Best Prepaid Plans With Up to 365 Days Validity While the daily data provided is kept the same as 2GB per day for the Rs. 349, with the increase of two days, the total data has gone up to 60GB instead of the previous 56GB. Additionally, users residing in areas where Jio has provided 5G service can get unlimited 5G internet access with this plan. Notably, Jio said that customer feedback was the reason behind this revision. However, the company did not specify if any other prepaid or postpaid plans will also be revised in the future. Earlier, the Rs. 349 prepaid plan was priced at Rs. 299. Last month, Jio hiked the prices of several other plans. The monthly recharge plan of Rs. 209 which offered 1GB of data per day was increased to Rs. 249, while the Rs. 666 prepaid plan with 1.5GB of data per day for 84 days was hiked to Rs. 799. The annual Rs. 2,999 prepaid plan with 2.5GB data was also pushed to Rs. 3,599. Airtel vs Jio: Prepaid Plans Comparison After Latest Price Hike


Jio Announces Price Hike for Prepaid, Postpaid Plans Starting July 3 Further, the 1GB data add-on pack of Rs. 15 witnessed a hike to Rs. 19 and the Rs. 25 and Rs. 61 plans were raised to Rs. 29 and Rs. 69, respectively. Postpaid users who previously paid Rs. 299 for 30GB of data now have to pay Rs. 349 for the billing cycle. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Lenovo Legion Tab Price in India, Specifications Revealed; Pre-Orders Go Live on Flipkart" ,  Lenovo Legion Tab is now available for pre-orders in India. The company had previously confirmed the India launch of the gaming tablet. It was unveiled in March this year in select markets in the EMEA (Europe, the Middle East, and Africa) region. The online listing of the tablet in India has revealed its price in the country. It will be available in a single RAM and storage configuration and is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 chipset. It is also equipped with a dual rear camera unit. Lenovo Legion Tab price The Lenovo Legion Tab is listed in India at Rs. 34,999 for the sole 12GB + 256GB option. It is currently available for pre-orders in the country via Flipkart. The tablet is offered in a Storm Grey colourway. Lenovo Legion Tab specifications, features As per the Flipkart listing, the Lenovo Legion Tab will get an 8.8-inch QHD+ (2,560 x 1,600 pixels) 2.5K LCD screen with a 144Hz refresh rate. It is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 SoC paired with 12GB of LPDDR5X RAM and 256GB of UFS 3.1 onboard storage. The tablet runs on an Android 13-based operating system out-of-the-box. Lenovo Legion Tab With Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 SoC Launched: See Price The newly launched gaming tablet has a 13-megapixel main rear camera with autofocus support alongside a 2-megapixel macro shooter and an LED flash unit. The front camera is equipped with an 8-megapixel sensor. The Lenovo Legion Tab is also equipped with stereo speakers. Lenovo Tab Plus Review: An Entertainment Powerhouse


Lenovo Legion Go Review: Best Windows Handheld? Lenovo has packed a 6,500mAh battery into the Legion Tab with support for 45W wired fast charging. It is also expected to support Bluetooth 5.3, Wi-Fi and USB Type-C connectivity like its global counterpart.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WazirX Offers $23 Million to Hacker to Return Stolen Funds, Users Remain Concerned" ,  The chaos in India's crypto ecosystem following one of WazirX's wallet breach is nowhere near an end for now. Over the weekend, the Indian crypto exchange hatched a bounty programme worth $23 million, hoping to recover the stolen funds worth over $230 million (roughly Rs. 1,924 crore) either from third parties, or from the hacker behind the breach. The exchange is offering rewards up to $10,000 (roughly Rs. 8.3 lakh) in USDT to those who could lead to the identification and freezing of the stolen funds. The exchange has, furthermore, decided to offer $23 million (roughly Rs. 192 crore) -- 10 percent of the stolen amount as White Hat Bounty to the hacker in exchange for the remaining funds. In conversation with Gadgets360, WazirX user Sana Afreen said while this bounty brings hope for relief for the community, the scope of actually being able to trace the funds needs to speed up. Afreen is the Director of Partnerships at Rizzle, an AI-backed video creation platform. “I have invested around Rs. 25 lakhs in crypto through WazirX. Now that the crypto market is at a bull run, my investment is more than the original investment amount. With withdrawals still paused at WazirX, my profits are stuck. This is why, the speed to trace needs to be faster. As a user, WazirX not being sure about when to restart withdrawals is very concerning,” Afreen said. How Indian Crypto Exchanges Reacted to the WazirX Hack Aftermath She also notes that the WazirX community could get some clarity about calculating their investment situation if the exchange could provide some timeline details around the restart of withdrawals. As per WazirX's official blog, this bounty programme is valid for three months. “All submissions must include detailed information, including addresses, transactions, and methodologies used for tracking and recovery. Participants must provide a proof of concept demonstrating how the funds can be tracked. WazirX will verify the information before disbursing the reward,” the blog read, disclosing that all submissions will be reviewed within 72 hours of being received. Why Crypto Trading Volumes on Centralised Exchanges Are Tumbling Commenting on the situation, Jagdish Pandya, the founder and CEO of blockchain-centric investment firm Block On, highlighted that these are the types of situations where India requires a dedicated committee from the government to oversee damage control. Referring to previous hacks on centralised exchanges like Mt. Gox, Coincheck, and FTX – Padya said, the user communities of hacked platforms, have a history of either having to accept the losses or to enter an unlimited wait hoping for reimbursements. The lack of regulatory authority in India that could take up the accountability to assist WazirX in the recovery of the stolen funds is not good, the venture capitalist believes. “Despite repeated reminders from India's Web3 circle, the government has not set up any such body to monitor damage in such situations and to be in charge of consumer protection of funds and custody of their assets,” Pandya said. Crypto analysts suspect the involvement of North Korea's Lazarus Group behind this sophisticated hack attack. As of now, nobody from the Indian government has given a statement on WazirX's hefty breach. It is, however, notable that this week Indian finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman will be presenting India's union budget for FY 2024-2025. In the backdrop of WazirX's hack, the expectations of tax relief from the crypto circle have taken a hit. One hot wallet of WazirX that was under the custody of Liminal was breached by the hacker last week on July 18, 2024. This wallet was multi-signature – which needed two transaction authorisations from WazirX and one from Liminal. After unethically accessing the signatures needed from WazirX, the hacker tricked Liminal into giving its authorisation as well. Members from India's crypto fraternity have, from this incident, been asked to segregate their holdings into smaller units stored across multiple wallets to avoid such unfortunate outcome. As per Nischal Shetty, the co-founder of WazirX, the team is working on ideas that may add value to its ecosystem in order to “help fill the void left by the stolen assets.” Meanwhile, Srijan R Shetty, the co-founder of crypto firm Fuze, has reminded WazirX to make up their mind and release a statement on if they plan to drop the legal action against the hacker, which is “a big deterrent for even a white hat hacker to return funds.” .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Ring Reportedly Works With Other Android Smartphones via Galaxy Wearable App" ,  Samsung Galaxy Ring made its debut at the Galaxy Unpacked event on July 10. It is the South Korean technology conglomerate's first-ever wearable smart ring sporting an array of health and fitness monitoring features. While the Galaxy Ring was initially speculated to be only compatible with Galaxy smartphones, recent claims on social media suggest it may also work with other Android smartphones too via the Galaxy Wearable app. Samsung Galaxy Ring Compatibility According to a post on X (formerly Twitter) by YouTuber M. Brandon Lee (@thisistechtoday), the Samsung Galaxy Ring works on other Android devices too, dismissing claims of it only being compatible with Samsung smartphones. As per a video shared by the user, the smart ring appears to be paired with a Nothing smartphone via the Galaxy Wearables app. It may also require the installation of a few apps including Samsung Health. There are some reviews out there claiming that the Samsung Galaxy Ring only works on a Samsung device, therefore it doesn't work on other Android devices.This is untrue.All you have to do is install the Galaxy Wearable app, connect, and go through the setup process. pic.twitter.com/H6Jm97hJSI— M. Brandon Lee | THIS IS TECH TODAY (@thisistechtoday) July 21, 2024 The video allegedly shows the app's user interface (UI) presenting the smart ring's features including energy score, sleep, heart rate and health settings. It also appears to have an option to view more details about the smart ring, reset it and update its software via the app. Furthermore, a Find my ring option is also visible, although it is unclear if it works. As per Samsung's FAQ section on the Galaxy Ring buying page, the wearable is compatible with Samsung smartphones on Android 11.0 or higher firmware. The official support page says the device must have 1.5GB RAM or higher to be compatible with the Galaxy Ring. In a separate development, industry insider Avi Greengart (@greengart), through an X post, suggested that the Galaxy Ring may also be compatible with iOS devices, although not at launch. Thus, it is speculated to support iPhone models too, sometime in the future. Samsung Galaxy Ring Specifications Samsung Galaxy Ring is available in nine sizes with sizes ranging from 5 to 13, and comes with a sizing kit. It is equipped with a PPG (Photoplethysmography) sensor for irregular heart rhythm detection. According to Samsung, its smart ring works with the Samsung Health app and includes a temperature sensor and accelerometer to offer wearers insights into their well-being. Samsung Galaxy Ring With Up to 7 Days Battery Life Launched in Nine Sizes


Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 7 Might Get a Thin Profile as Galaxy S24


Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Could Arrive With This Flagship MediaTek Chip It also gets features supported by Galaxy AI – Samsung's suite of artificial intelligence (AI) services. It is claimed to be capable of generating detailed health reports including aspects like Energy Score and Wellness Tips. Galaxy Ring has an IP68 rating and is certified for 10 ATM water resistance. It has a titanium grade 5 build and offers Bluetooth 5.4 connectivity. Galaxy Ring's size 5 variant sports an 18mAh battery while the bigger 13 size has a 23.5mAh battery. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo K12x 5G India Launch Date Set for July 29; Design, Colourways, Key Features Revealed" ,  Oppo K12x 5G will arrive in India soon. The company has announced the launch date of the smartphone and also revealed the design, colourways, and key features of the upcoming handset including display and battery details. Notably, a Chinese version of the Oppo K12x 5G was unveiled earlier this year. The design of the Indian variant appears to be slightly different from its Chinese counterpart. The Oppo K12x 5G may likely launch in India as a rebranded version of the OnePlus Nord CE 4. Oppo K12x 5G launch, design, colour options The Oppo K12x 5G will launch in India on July 29, the company confirmed in a press note. The handset is teased with a design similar to the OnePlus Nord CE 4, suggesting that it may be a rebrand of the model. The dual rear camera unit of the upcoming Oppo K12x 5G is placed within a vertical pill-shaped module alongside a circular LED flash unit. The display has a centred hole-punch slot at the top for the front camera, while the volume rocker and power button appear on the right edge. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G With 80W SuperVOOC Charging Launched in India An official product page for the Oppo K12x 5G is also live on the company's India website. The phone is confirmed to come in two colour options — Breeze Blue and Midnight Violet. Oppo K12x 5G features The Oppo K12x 5G is confirmed to sport a 6.67-inch HD+ screen with a 120Hz refresh rate. The display is also claimed to support Splash Touch technology which is said to help someone use the phone even with wet hands. Oppo has also revealed that the K12x 5G will measure 7.68mm in thickness and weigh 186g. The handset is set to come with an IP54-rated build for dust and splash resistance. It will also have twice-reinforced Panda Glass protection and MIL-STD-810H certification. OnePlus Nord CE 4 With Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC Goes Official


OnePlus Nord CE 4 Review The Oppo K12x 5G will be equipped with the company's AI Linkboost technology and will support the Dual View Video feature. The latter allows users to record videos using the front and rear cameras simultaneously. The phone is also confirmed to pack a 5,100mAh battery with support for 45W wired SuperVOOC charging. 




title = "Apple iPhone SE 4 Tipped to Get Same Back Cover as iPhone 16" ,  iPhone SE 4 has been in the rumour mill for quite some time now. Apple is expected to announce the affordable iPhone model in the first quarter of next year with upgrades over the iPhone SE 2022. The iPhone SE 4 was earlier speculated to feature the same chassis as the base iPhone 14, but a fresh rumour coming out of China contradicts this claim. It suggests that the upcoming iPhone SE version is going to have some design similarities with the iPhone 16. Tipster Fixed Focus Digital (translated from Chinese) on Weibo claims the iPhone SE 4's back cover will be exactly the same as the upcoming vanilla iPhone 16. Previous leaks had indicated an iPhone 14-like design and rear chassis for the iPhone SE 4. If the iPhone SE 4 follow the styling of the iPhone 16, we can then expect the former to get the vertical dual-lens rear camera configuration rumoured for the iPhone 16. The iPhone 16 family is expected to be unveiled in September. The next iPhone SE model, meanwhile, is expected to arrive in March next year. iOS 18, iPadOS 18 Public Beta Released: How to Install, Features, More iPhone SE 4 price, specifications: What we know so far Apple hasn't mentioned whether it plans to release new iPhone SE models moving forward but recent leaks suggested specifications like a 6.1-inch LTPS OLED display and a 48-megapixel primary camera for the phone. Apple is expected to keep the price of the device below $500 (roughly Rs. 41,000). It is likely to pack a 3,279mAh battery similar to the iPhone 14. The iPhone SE 4 is expected to include Face ID and Apple's in-house 5G modem chip. It could feature a USB Type-C port for charging and could measure 147.7x71.5x7.7mm. Apple launched the first iPhone SE back in 2016. The third iteration of the iPhone SE was announced in 2022 in India with a starting price tag of Rs. 43,900. Apple Postpones Plans for Thinner iPhone Models: Ming-Chi Kuo   Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp Reportedly Developing Feature for Web Client That Lets Users Pick Usernames" ,  WhatsApp is speculated to be developing a new feature for its web client which may let users pick usernames, according to claims by a feature tracker. It is tipped to offer more flexibility while connecting with other users on the instant messaging platform by eliminating the need to share phone numbers. The feature is said to be still under development and may not be available to all users of the WhatsApp web client. Usernames on WhatsApp According to the feature tracker WABetaInfo, users may be able to personalise their profiles on WhatsApp with usernames on the web client. The feature was first tipped last year but WhatsApp has now introduced a new user interface (UI) for it. It is speculated to add a layer of privacy and convenience on WhatsApp by allowing the user to connect with others via usernames, instead of having to share their mobile numbers.  Usernames on WhatsApp Web ClientPhoto Credit: WABetaInfo As per an alleged screenshot of the feature, its description reads, “Your friends and family can contact you on WhatsApp using this username”. It further adds that the username will be shown in place of the phone number to “protect the user's privacy”. How Hackers Are Using a Bot to Target Indians in WhatsApp e-Challan Scam With this feature, only users who have their username are speculated to be able to contact them. It is tipped to be unique to eliminate any duplication, and users may have to check for its availability while picking a username. Since it is still under development, Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to verify its availability on WhatsApp web client. Other WhatsApp Features Alongside the ability to pick usernames, WhatsApp is also reported to be developing another addition – a live transcription feature for voice messages. With this, users may be able to generate transcriptions for voice messages they have sent and received. As per the feature tracker, a new banner may appear below a voice transcription, asking the user if they wish to get a transcription of the voice message. WhatsApp Makes It Easier to Access Frequent Chats With Favourites Filter


WhatsApp Begins Rolling Out This Feature to Keep New Group Members Safe It is reported in WhatsApp for Android beta app version 2.24.15.5. It was shortly followed by another under-development feature that may let users get live transcriptions for calls. While it was initially speculated to be using Google's technology, a recent report suggests WhatsApp may rely on its in-house voice translation capabilities. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Xiaomi Watch S4 Sport, Mi Band 9 Launched Alongside Xiaomi Buds 5: Price, Specifications" ,  Xiaomi unveiled the Watch S4 Sport, Mi Band 9, and the Xiaomi Buds 5 at an event in China on July 19. These smart wearable devices accompanied the launch of the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, Xiaomi Mix Flip, and the Redmi K70 Ultra. The Xiaomi Watch S4 Sport is equipped with a titanium body and a 1.43-inch AMOLED screen. The Mi Band 9, on the other hand, comes with a 1.62-inch display and is said to offer up to 21 days of usage. The Xiaomi Buds 5 true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones are claimed to offer up to 39 hours of total playback time. Xiaomi Watch S4 Sport, Mi Band 9, Xiaomi Buds 5 price Xiaomi Watch S4 Sport starts in China at CNY 1,999 (roughly Rs. 23,000) for the rubber and silicone strap options, while the titanium strap option is priced at CNY 2,599 (roughly Rs. 29,900). The three band options carry the names Flourorubber, Liquid Silicone, and Titanium Milanese (translated from Chinese). Meanwhile, the non-NFC version of the Mi Band 9 is listed at CNY 249 (roughly Rs. 2,900), while the NFC-supported variant is marked at CNY 299 (roughly Rs. 3,400). The smart band also comes in a Ceramic Special Edition which costs CNY 349 (roughly Rs. 4,000). The wearable is available in black, blue, pink gold, and silver shades but additional interchangeable straps are offered starting from CNY 69 (roughly Rs. 800). Xiaomi Mix Flip With 4.01-Inch Cover Screen Launched: Price, Features The Xiaomi Buds 5 are priced in China at CNY 699 (roughly Rs. 8,000). The earphones come in four colour options — Frost Blue, Moon Shadow Black, Snow Mountain White, and Titanium Gold (translated from Chinese). Xiaomi Watch S4 Sport, Mi Band 9 specifications, features The Xiaomi Watch S4 Sport features a 1.43-inch AMOLED screen with a resolution of 466 x 466 pixels and runs on Xiaomi HyperOS. The smartwatch carries 32MB of RAM and 32GB of onboard storage. It also comes with a 5ATM waterproof rating and a 586mAh battery which is claimed to offer a battery life of up to 15 days in the Bluetooth-only mode. In the eSIM-supported LTE mode, the watch is said to offer up to nine days of usage. It measures 46.9 x 46.9 x 12.6mm in size and weighs 49g without the strap. The Mi Band 9, on the other hand, is equipped with a 2.5D Always-on AMOLED touch display and Bluetooth 5.4 connectivity. It runs on Xiaomi HyperOS and comes with 5ATM water resistance. The smart band carries a 233mAh battery which is claimed to offer up to 21 days of battery life. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, 5,100mAh Battery Debuts Both Watch S4 Sport and Mi Band 9 come with preset sport modes and help monitor health units like heart rate and blood oxygen level. They also support blood pressure levels and menstrual cycle tracking. Xiaomi Buds 5 specifications, features The Xiaomi Buds 5 earbuds come with an IP54 rating for dust and splash resistance. They sport an in-ear design and an AI-backed three-mic system. The earphones also come with adaptive noise cancellation (ANC) and Bluetooth 5.4 connectivity. They have support for AAC, SBC, aptX Lossless and aptX Adaptive audio codecs. The official listing also claims that some models of the earbuds support LC3 codec as well. Xiaomi Reclaims Top Spot as Smartphone Manufacturer in India in Q2 2024: Canalys The charging case of the Xiaomi Buds 5 holds a 480mAh battery, while each earbud is equipped with a 35mAh cell. Without ANC the earphones are claimed to offer a total battery life of up to 39 hours with the charging case. The case weighs 36.6g and the earbuds weigh 4.2g each.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Says Wrong to Call New Game Pass Standard Tier 'Degraded', Calls FTC Filing 'Misleading'" ,  Microsoft hiked Xbox Game Pass prices and introduced a new tier of the game subscription service earlier this month. The newly launched Xbox Game Pass Standard tier grants players a library of hundreds of titles and all benefits of Game Pass Core, including online console multiplayer, but crucially will not include new first-party titles on the day of release. The US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) criticised the raised Game Pass pricing and called the new subscription tier “degraded” in a court filing last week. Now, the Xbox parent has responded to the FTC's claim and called it “misleading.” Microsoft responds to FTC In a new court filing on Friday, Microsoft said that it was wrong to call the new Standard tier a “degraded” version of the discontinued Game Pass for Console tier. “That discontinued product did not offer multiplayer functionality, which had to be purchased separately for an additional $9.99/month (making the total cost $20.98/month).” Microsoft argued in the filing. The new Xbox Game Pass Standard tier offers access to a catalogue of hundreds of games and online multiplayer for $14.99 (roughly Rs. 1,251). In the filing, Microsoft said that its Game Pass Ultimate tier will offer more value to players by featuring new titles “day-and-date," including the upcoming Call of Duty: Black Ops 6. Xbox Game Pass Prices Are Getting Another Hike The FTC's filing The FTC on Thursday had called the newly introduced Standard tier a “degraded” product. “This product costs 36% more than Console Game Pass, and withholds day-one releases. Product degradation—removing the most valuable games from Microsoft's new service—combined with price increases for existing customers, is exactly the sort of consumer harm from the [Microsoft-Activision] merger the FTC has alleged,” the FTC had said in its filing. In its response, Microsoft called the FTC's letter to the court a “misleading, extra-record account of the facts” and said that the regulatory body had barely mentioned Game Pass subscription at the FTC v. Microsoft trial over the company's attempt to acquire Call of Duty maker Activision Blizzard last year. Microsoft said that it was common for businesses to change service offerings over time and its new Game Pass tier was not withholding Call of Duty from users who want to play the game. Additionally, Microsoft also pointed out that Sony's PlayStation Plus game subscription service had continued to “thrive,” even as the company only made few titles available on the service at launch. Microsoft hiked the prices of Game Pass Ultimate, Xbox Game Pass Core and PC Game Pass earlier this month, and discontinued Game Pass for console for new subscribers. The newly introduced Game Pass Standard tier, which offers a catalogue of hundreds of games and online console multiplayer, will be available in the coming months. Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 will be available on Game Pass day one when it launches October 25. Members of the Standard tier, however, won't get access to the title through their subscriptions. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Pixel 9 May Offer 2 Years of Free Satellite SOS Service Like Apple: Report" ,  Google Pixel 9 series is scheduled to launch globally and in India on August 13. Previous reports have indicated that with its upcoming flagship smartphone lineup, Google could bring satellite SOS service with features similar to Apple. A teardown of the latest Android 15 beta update now reportedly suggests that the technology conglomerate may offer up to two years of free Pixel satellite SOS for Pixel devices, matching the free service period offered by Apple. Free Pixel Satellite SOS Service In a report, Android Authority, collaborating with tipster AssembleDebug, carried out a teardown of the latest Android 15 Beta 4 update which was released last week. Strings discovered in the update's code suggest Google may include an emergency satellite connectivity feature dubbed “Pixel Satellite SOS”. The feature reportedly carries a footer suggesting that when a user connects with emergency services via satellite, their information, including name, email, phone number, location, emergency contact and device details, are shared with “emergency services and satellite service providers”. Gemini AI to Take Centre Stage at Olympics 2024 With New Partnerships Furthermore, the discovered strings also suggest Google may offer Pixel Satellite SOS for free for a period of two years. Another text included in the footer reportedly says, “Satellite SOS is included at no charge for {two} years”. This duration matches the two years of Emergency SOS via Satellite service provided by Apple to users of iPhone 14 and later models. In a separate discovery, it is suggested that Pixel devices may be updated to support satellite SOS. Since the Google Pixel 9 series is expected to run on Android 15 out of the box, older Pixel models are speculated to receive an update supporting emergency satellite-based communication. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold Teased, to Go Official in India Next Month


Google Pixel 9 Pro Design Revealed Ahead of Launch on August 13 The presence of this feature was first tipped in March by tipster Mishaal Rahman. An update to the Adaptive Connectivity Services app is speculated to have introduced a Satellite SOS* settings page under the Safety & emergency tab. It is tipped to include information regarding how it works, customisation for the information shared with emergency service providers and even a link to purchase Garmin Search & Rescue insurance. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Redmi K70 Extreme Edition With MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ SoC, Up to 24GB RAM Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  Redmi K70 Extreme Edition has been launched in China as the latest entry in Xiaomi's Redmi K70 series. The new offering comes with a MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset under the hood alongside 24GB of RAM. The Redmi K70 Extreme Edition sports a 6.67-inch display with 1.5K resolution and flaunts a triple camera unit at the rear led by a 50-megapixel main sensor. It houses a 5,500mAh battery with support for 120W fast charging. The Redmi K70 Extreme Edition is also offered in a special Supreme Champion Edition with custom Lamborghini styling. Redmi K70 Extreme Edition price Price of Redmi K70 Extreme Edition starts at CNY 2,599 (roughly Rs. 31,000) for the 12GB RAM + 256GB storage model. It costs CNY 2,899 (roughly Rs. 34,000) for the 12GB RAM + 512GB storage version and CNY 3,199 (roughly Rs. 36,000) for the 16GB RAM + 512GB storage model. The top-end variant with 16GB RAM + 1TB storage costs CNY 3,599 (roughly Rs. 43,000). Meanwhile, a Redmi K70 Ultra Supreme Champion Edition with 24GB RAM + 1TB storage is priced at CNY 3,999 (roughly Rs. 47,000). The Redmi K70 Extreme Edition is currently up for sale in Clear Snow White, Ice Blue, and Ink Feather Black (translated from Chinese) colour options. The Redmi K70 Ultra Supreme Champion Edition is offered in Green and Orange shades. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, 5,100mAh Battery Debuts Redmi K70 Extreme Edition specifications The dual SIM (Nano) Redmi K70 Extreme Edition runs on the company's new HyperOS interface and features a 6.67-inch 1.5K resolution (1,220x2,712 pixels) display with up to 144Hz refresh rate, up to 480Hz touch sampling rate, and up to 4,000 nits of peak brightness. The display is touted to deliver 3840Hz frequency PWM dimming and has glass protection. Redmi K70 Extreme Edition runs on the 4nm octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset, paired with up to 24GB of LPDDR5X RAM and up to 1TB of UFS 4.0 onboard storage. For optics, it has a triple rear camera unit, comprising a 50-megapixel Sony IMX906 main camera sensor with 1/1.56-inch size, an 8-megapixel ultra-wide angle shooter and a 2-megapixel macro shooter. For selfies and video chats, there is a 20-megapixel front camera.  Redmi K70 Extreme EditionPhoto Credit: Xiaomi  Connectivity options on the Redmi K70 Extreme Edition include 5G, NFC, Wi-Fi 7, Bluetooth 5.4, GPS, Galileo, GLONASS, Beidou, NFC, and a USB Type-C port. Sensors on board include an accelerometer, ambient colour temperature sensor, e-compass, flicker sensor, light sensors, gyroscope, infrared remote control and optical distance sensor. Besides, the phone comes with an in-display fingerprint sensor for authentication. It includes an X-axis linear vibration motor for gaming and a 3D ice-cooling system for thermal management. The handset also features stereo dual speakers with Dolby Atmos support. It has an IP68 dustproof and waterproof rating. Xiaomi Mix Flip With 4.01-Inch Cover Screen Launched: Price, Features The Redmi K70 Extreme Edition houses a 5,500mAh battery with support for 120W wired charging support. The fast charging technology is claimed to fill the battery from zero to 100 percent in just 24 minutes. The battery includes Xiaomi's P2 fast charging chip and G1 battery management chip for enhanced performance. Finally, the handset measures 160.38x 75.14x8.39mm and weighs around 211 grams. The K70 Supreme Champion Edition weighs 212 grams.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "BTC Surges to $68,000 Following Joe Biden’s Withdrawal from US Elections; Crypto Market Volatile" ,  Bitcoin became the beneficiary of the ongoing political drama unfolding in the US. After current US President Joe Biden dropped out of the upcoming Presidential race against Donald Trump over the weekend, Bitcoin surged to the price point of $68,007 (roughly Rs. 56.8 lakh) on international exchanges. This is the asset's highest pricing in the month of June and July so far. On Indian exchanges like BuyUCoin, meanwhile, Bitcoin is trading at $68,080 (roughly Rs. 56.9 lakh). The overall crypto chart, however, did not resonate with BTC's price hike and hinted at increased volatility with altcoins showing mixed movements. “Bitcoin has bounced back to the $68,000 (roughly Rs. 56 lakh) mark as market participants show optimism about Donald Trump's potential election win. BTC is now eyeing the $70,000 level (roughly Rs. 58.5 lakh), signaling a continued positive sentiment,” Edul Patel, CEO of Mudrex told Gadgets360. Ether also managed to see a notable escalation in its pricing from last week, stepping into Monday. The second most valuable cryptocurrency after Bitcoin, Ether is presently trading at $3,512 (roughly Rs. 2.93 lakh) on international exchanges like CoinMarketCap. In India, meanwhile, the price of ETH stands at $3,685 (roughly Rs. 3.08 lakh) How Indian Crypto Exchanges Reacted to the WazirX Hack Aftermath “Bolstered by the upcoming trading of ETH ETFs, Ether is looking strong. For continued bullish momentum, ETH needs to clear the key level of $3,650 (roughly Rs. 3.05 lakh) and hold above $3,360 (roughly Rs. 28 lakh). This week is filled with several macro events, which will likely increase market volatility,” the CoinDCX market desk told Gadgets360. As per the crypto price tracker by Gadgets360, Tether, Ripple, Polkadot, Bitcoin Cash, Polygon, and Leo recorded profits. Leo, Cosmos, Zcash, Underdog, and Iota also registered minor gains. US Regulator Warns of These ‘Professor' Scams Aimed at Crypto Users Loss-making cryptocurrencies on Monday included Binance Coin, Solana, Dogecoin, Avalanche, Tron, and Shiba Inu. Chainlink, Litecoin, Uniswap, Cronos, and Bitcoin SV -- also reflected losses on the price chart. The overall crypto market valuation stands at $2.47 trillion with a minor hike of 0.91 percent in the last 24 hours, as per CoinMarketCap. “Five-spot Ethereum exchange-traded funds (ETFs), including offerings from Fidelity, are set to launch tomorrow, according to notices from the Cboe exchange. The ETFs will give investors direct exposure to Ethereum. The approval of these ETFs follows a growing interest in digital asset investments and regulatory advancements in the US market,” the CoinSwitch markets desk told Gadgets360. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OpenAI Adds a New ‘Instructional Hierarchy’ Protocol to Prevent Jailbreaking Incidents in GPT-4o Mini" ,  OpenAI released a new artificial intelligence (AI) model dubbed GPT-4o Mini last week, which has new safety and security measures to protect it from harmful usage. The large language model (LLM) is built with a technique called Instructional Hierarchy, which will stop malicious prompt engineers from jailbreaking the AI model. The company said the technique will also show an increased resistance towards issues such as prompt injections and system prompt extractions. As per the company, the new method has improved the robustness score of the AI model by 63 percent. OpenAI Builts a New Safety Framework In a research paper, which is published in the online pre-print journal (non-peer-reviewed) arXiv, the AI firm explained the new technique and how it functions. To understand Instructional Hierarchy, jailbreaking needs to be explained first. Jailbreaking is a privilege escalation exploit that uses certain flaws in the software to make it do things it is not programmed to. In the early days of ChatGPT, many people attempted to make the AI generate offensive or harmful text by tricking it into forgetting the original programming. Such prompts often began with “Forget all previous instructions and do this…” While ChatGPT has come a long way from there and malicious prompt engineering is more difficult, bad actors have also become more strategic in the attempt. Whistleblowers Reportedly Accuse OpenAI of Enforcing 'Illegal' NDAs To combat issues where the AI model generates not only offensive text or images but also harmful content such as methods to create a chemical explosive or ways to hack a website, OpenAI is now using the Instructional Hierarchy technique. Put simply, the technique dictates how models should behave when instructions of different priorities conflict. By creating a hierarchical structure, the company can keep its instructions at the highest priority, which will make it very difficult for any prompt engineer to break, as the AI will always follow the order of priority when it is asked to generate something it was not initially programmed to. OpenAI Might Have Overlooked Safety and Security Protocols for GPT-4o


OpenAI Might Have Overlooked Safety and Security Protocols for GPT-4o The company claims that it saw an improvement of 63 percent in robustness scores. However, there is a risk that the AI might refuse to listen to the lowest-level instructions. OpenAI's research paper has also outlined several refinements to improve the technique in future. One of the key areas of focus is handling other modalities such as images or audio which can also contain injected instructions. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Microsoft Rolls Out Recovery Tool to Help Fix Windows PCs Affected by CrowdStrike Update" ,  Microsoft has released a USB recovery tool to repair PCs and other machines impacted by the infamous CrowdStrike update, the company announced in a blog post. A bootable USB drive can be created using which IT admins can expedite the repair process and get disrupted devices back on track. Notably, CrowdStrike previously revealed that its faulty update for Falcon Sensor impacted nearly 8.5 million Windows devices globally, bringing up the dreaded ‘blue screen of death' (BSOD). Microsoft's Recovery Tool In a blog post under the ‘Intune Customer Success' section, Microsoft published an updated recovery tool with two repair options: recover from WinPE and recover from Safe Mode. The signed tool is available for download in the Microsoft Download Centre. As per the company, the recover from WinPE option gives users a chance to recover their machines without requiring local admin privileges. However, it they have enabled BitLocker, then entering the BitLocker key may be mandatory to repair the impacted system. Microsoft says this option is recommended for most users. Crowdstrike CEO Apologises for Global Tech Outage After Firm Deploys Fix On the other hand, if users do not have access to their BitLocker key, they can use the recover from Safe Mode option. It allows them to boot the Windows PC into safe mode. However, it will require them to login to the device with local admin privileges. Microsoft says this approach is only recommended for machines which are not encrypted or whose BitLocker key is unknown. If the device does not allow connection of USB devices, it is better to image it, as per the company. The USB drive which is to be created into a bootable recovery drive needs to have a minimum and maximum storage space of 1GB and 32GB respectively. Furthermore, the PC needs to run on a Windows 64-bit client. Microsoft says it must have at least 8GB of free space to run the recovery tool. Airline Systems Across Airports Operational After IT Outage, Minister Says What Happened Microsoft's new recovery tool aims to fix Windows PCs and servers affected by the CrowdStrike Falcon Sensor update. It was released on Friday and was shortly followed by reports of Windows PCs around the world being affected by the BSOD. It impacted Microsoft services including Azure, Store, and Office 365. According to media reports, it disrupted services across institutions such as banks, airports, and IT companies. Airlines around the world cancelled or rescheduled their flights, citing “technical problems”. Furthermore, media outlets Australia's ABC News also claimed to be affected by the update. 5 Things to Know About Microsoft’s Global Outage Caused by CrowdStrike CrowdStrike CEO George Kurtz issued a statement, revealing its cause to be a “defect in a single content update” for the Windows platform. It did not appear to impact devices running Linux or Mac. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, 5,100mAh Battery Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 was unveiled in the Chinese market as the latest foldable smartphone from Xiaomi. It is equipped with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC and carries a Leica-branded quad rear camera setup with a Summilux lens. The Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 supports two-way satellite communication and has an IPX8-rated build. It houses a 5,100mAh battery that supports 67W wired charging and 50W wireless. The Xiaomi Mix Fold 3 successor will go against the recently launched Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Honor Magic V3. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 price Price of the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 starts at CNY 8,999 (roughly Rs. 1,03,000) for the 12GB+256GB version and CNY 9,999 (roughly Rs. 1,15,000) for the 16GB+512GB version. The top-end 16GB+1TB variant is priced at CNY 10,999 (roughly Rs. 1,26,000). It is offered in Black, Gentian Blue Dragon Fibre, and White (translated from Chinese) colours. The Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 is only available in China for now but is expected to go on sale in other global markets. The previous foldables of Xiaomi have all been confined to the Chinese market. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold Teased, to Go Official in India Next Month Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 specifications The dual-SIM (Nano + Nano) Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 runs on Android 14 with HyperOS on top. It features a 7.98-inch primary 2K (2,224x2,488 pixels) AMOLED inner display with 3000nits peak brightness. On the outside, there's a 6.56-inch (1,080x2,520 pixels) AMOLED panel with 240Hz touch sampling rate and 3000nits peak brightness. Both screens support up to 120Hz refresh rate, Dolby Vision, and HDR10+. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 is powered by an octa-core 4nm Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC alongside up to 16GB of LPDDR5X RAM and a maximum of 512GB of UFS4.0 storage. It has VC liquid cooling support for thermal management and has a T800H carbon fibre build.  Xiaomi Mix Fold 4Photo Credit: Xiaomi  For optics, the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 has a Leica-branded rear camera setup with a Summilux lens. The camera setup includes a 50-megapixel Light Hunter 800 sensor with support for OIS alongside a 50-megapixel telephoto sensor, another 10-megapixel telephoto with 5X optical zoom, and a 12-megapixel ultra-wide sensor. The cover screen and main screen house 20-megapixel cameras. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 7 Might Get a Thin Profile as Galaxy S24 Connectivity options on the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 include 5G, Wi-Fi 7, Bluetooth 5.4, NFC, GPS, BeiDou, GLONASS, Galileo, QZSS, NavIC, A-GPS, OTG, and a USB Type-C port. The handset has a fingerprint sensor for authentication and an IPX8 rating for dust and water resistance. Further, it supports two-way satellite communication that allows users to quickly get in touch with the world via satellites in case of emergencies and no access to network. The Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 houses a 5,100mAh battery with support for 67W wired and 50W wireless charging. It weighs 226 grams and has 9.47mm thickness.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi Mix Flip With 4.01-Inch Cover Screen, Leica-Backed 50-Megapixel Dual Rear Cameras Launched" ,  Xiaomi Mix Flip was launched in China on July 19 alongside the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 and the Redmi K70 Ultra. This is the first clamshell foldable smartphone from the Chinese OEM. It is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset and is backed by a 4,780mAh battery with support for 67W wired fast charging. The phone also comes with a 4.01-inch 1.5K flexible AMOLED cover display and a Leica-backed dual rear camera unit. It runs Android 14-based Xiaomi HyperOS out-of-the-box. Xiaomi Mix Flip price, availability The Xiaomi Mix Flip starts in China at CNY 5,999 (roughly Rs. 69,000) for the 12GB + 256GB option, while the 12GB + 512GB and 16GB + 1TB options are priced at CNY 6,499 (roughly Rs. 74,800) and CNY 7,299 (roughly Rs. 84,000), respectively. The phone is offered in black, purple and white colour options. Meanwhile, the 512GB version is also listed in a special "Phoenix Feather Fiber Edition" (translated from Chinese). The clamshell foldable handset will be available for purchase in China starting July 23 at 10am local time (7:30am IST) and is currently open for pre-sale bookings on the Xiaomi China website. Xiaomi Reclaims Top Spot as Smartphone Manufacturer in India in Q2 2024: Canalys Xiaomi Mix Flip specifications, features The Xiaomi Mix Flip sports a 6.86-inch 1.5K (2,912 x 1,224 pixels) flexible AMOLED inner screen with up to 120Hz refresh rate, 240Hz touch sampling rate, and 3,000nits peak brightness level. The cover display of the handset has a 4.01-inch 1.5K (1,392 x 1,280 pixels) flexible AMOLED panel. Both screens come with support for HDR10+ and Dolby Vision alongside Xiaomi Shield Glass protection. Xiaomi's new Mix Flip is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset paired with Adreno 750 GPU. It gets up to 16GB of LPPDDR5X RAM and up to 1TB of UFS 4.0 onboard storage. The foldable ships with Android 14-based Xiaomi HyperOS. For optics, the Xiaomi Mix Flip carries a dual rear camera unit which includes a Leica-backed 50-megapixel Light Fusion 800 primary sensor and a 50-megapixel OmniVision OV60A40 sensor paired with a telephoto lens with up to 2x optical zoom capacity. The front camera, on the other hand, is equipped with a 32-megapixel OV32B sensor. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Surfaces on Geekbench With This SoC Ahead of Launch


Xiaomi Mix Flip Design, Specifications Teased Ahead of Launch on July 19 The Xiaomi Mix Flip is backed by a 4,780mAh battery with 67W wired fast charging support. It offers 5G, dual 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 6E, Bluetooth 5.4, GPS, Galileo, GLONASS, QZSS, NavIC, USB Type-C 2 Gen 1, and NFC connectivity. For security, it has a side-mounted fingerprint sensor. When folded, the handset measures 167.5 x 74.02 x 16.19mm in size, and when unfolded it measures 7.8mm and weighs 192g.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Airline Systems Across Airports Working Normally After Global IT Outage, Minister Says" ,  Airline systems across airports, which were impacted due to a global IT outage on Friday, have started working normally, and all issues are likely to be resolved by noon on Saturday, Civil Aviation Minister K Rammohan Naidu said. The ministry is constantly monitoring the operations at airports and airlines to ensure travel readjustments and refunds are taken care of, he added. "Since 3 AM (Saturday), Airline systems across airports have started working normally. Flight operations are going smoothly now," Naidu said in a statement. On Friday, in one of the biggest-ever IT outages, an update of a product offered by global cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike triggered problems with Microsoft's Windows across the planet, hitting operations at financial sector companies and airlines while hospital operations got postponed and some television channels went off air. 5 Things to Know About Microsoft’s Global Outage Caused by CrowdStrike Airports across the country witnessed chaotic scenes after the online passenger booking, reservation and boarding systems turned to manual mode due to the outage, resulting in higher passenger handling processing time and consequently hundreds of flights were delayed and many cancelled. There is a backlog because of disruptions on Friday, and it is getting cleared gradually, according to the statement. "By noon today, we expect all issues to be resolved," the minister said. Crowdstrike CEO Apologises for Global Tech Outage After Firm Deploys Fix The reservation and check-in systems of most of the airlines, including IndiGo, SpiceJet, Akasa and Air India Express, are now operational, according to a source. "I am going to Ahmedabad. Online printing (DigiYatra) is convenient, which wasn't happening yesterday. Everything's fine today. Flights are on time. What happened yesterday was a network issue. No one can do anything about that," said a passenger at Delhi Airport. "The global outage that led to operational difficulties is nearly resolved, and our teams have made significant progress in restoring normal operations. However, customers may still experience delays and schedule disruptions over the weekend," budget carrier IndiGo said. From ATMs to Flights, Epic IT Crash Leaves Trail of Chaos IndiGo, the largest airline by domestic market share, operating over 2,000 daily flights, had to cancel around 200 flights due to the Microsoft outage issue. The two other carriers SpiceJet and Akasa Air said late Friday evening that all their systems at airports, including ticket bookings, were up and running. SpiceJet said that "all its systems at airports, ticket bookings and call centres are up and running smoothly after a successful resolution of a Microsoft outage that impacted the aviation industry all through the day". CrowdStrike Update Causes Global Outage of Microsoft Services "While the global systems downtime of reservations, check-in and boarding systems posed an unprecedented operational challenge to our ground services team, Akasa Air confirms that all its scheduled flights on Friday operated with minimum disruptions and nil cancellations," the airline said. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Microsoft Outage: From ATMs to Flights, Epic IT Crash Leaves Trail of Chaos" ,  In what will go down as the most spectacular IT failure the world has ever seen, a botched software update from cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike Holdings Inc. crashed countless Microsoft Windows computer systems around the world on Friday. Microsoft Corp. and CrowdStrike have rolled out fixes, and systems are gradually being restored. But for several hours, bankers in Hong Kong, doctors in the UK and emergency responders in New Hampshire found themselves locked out of programs critical to keeping their operations afloat. Some businesses are facing the prospect of continued disruptions as the restoration process is, in some cases, requiring tech workers to manually reboot systems and remove faulty files. “This is unprecedented,” said Alan Woodward, professor of cybersecurity at Surrey University. “The economic impact is going to be huge.” Crowdstrike CEO Apologises for Global Tech Outage After Firm Deploys Fix The catastrophic failure underscores an increasingly dire threat to global supply chains: The IT systems of some of the world's biggest and most critical industries have grown heavily dependent on a handful of relatively obscure software vendors, which are now emerging as single points of failure. In recent months, hackers have exploited this phenomenon, targeting vendors to bring down entire sectors and governments. Adding to the disruption, Microsoft experienced a separate and apparently unrelated problem with its Azure cloud service on Thursday that lasted for several hours. On Friday afternoon, the company said in a post on X that all Microsoft 365 apps and services had been restored. By Friday morning in New York, many systems were coming back online. 5 Things to Know About Microsoft’s Global Outage Caused by CrowdStrike CrowdStrike Chief Executive Officer George Kurtz said in a pre-6 a.m. post on X that the fault had been identified and the company had deployed a “fix.” It requires rebooting Windows machines and removing bad files, a very manual process typically performed by information technology professionals with administrative permissions. Many of those IT specialists faced challenges in carrying out those tasks remotely while Windows was crashing. Shares of CrowdStrike dropped 11% to $304.96 in New York trading, wiping out more than $9 billion in market value. It was their biggest single-day decline since November 2022. Microsoft shares fell less than 1% to $437.11. There have been outages before, but none that approached the scale of CrowdStrike's, which hit airlines, banks and health-care systems, and whose repercussions are still being felt. In 2017, a series of errors within Amazon.com Inc.'s cloud service affected the operation of tens of thousands of websites. In 2021, issues at content delivery network Fastly Inc. took out the websites of several media networks, including Bloomberg News. Disruptions also incapacitated Amazon's AWS cloud service. CrowdStrike Update Causes Global Outage of Microsoft Services “This will be the largest IT outage in history,” said Troy Hunt, an Australian security consultant and creator of the hack-checking website Have I Been Pwned. “We're really only starting to see the tip of the iceberg.” As businesses work to restore their systems, meanwhile, hackers have already found an opportunity for scams in the form of hastily created websites that claim to offer restoration services for machines brought down by the CrowdStrike crash. Airlines Airport hubs from Berlin to Delhi struggled with delays, cancellations and stranded passengers at a time that was already particularly busy for travel. FlightAware said more than 21,000 flights were slowed globally, and travel disruptions were expected to stretch into the coming days. United Airlines Holdings Inc. and Delta Air Lines Inc. gradually resumed operations on Friday. Other US carriers that had temporarily grounded flights included American Airlines Group Inc. and Spirit Airlines Inc., according to the Federal Aviation Administration. Finance The London Stock Exchange Group has resolved an issue that stopped the bourse from publishing news on its website via RNS, a service that publicly traded companies use to distribute price-sensitive regulatory announcements. A number of financial institutions were forced to revert to backup systems during the IT failure. Bankers at JPMorgan Chase & Co., Nomura Holdings Inc. and Bank of America Corp. were unable to log on for part of the day on Friday, and the trading desk at Haitong Securities Co. was out of action for about three hours. Thousands of JPMorgan Chase ATMs were down as well due to the CrowdStrike crash, Bloomberg reported. Some teller stations also weren't working. The majority of the bank's ATMs were operational as of late Friday in the US, according to a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified because the details haven't been publicly disclosed. Marsh, the world's largest insurance brokerage, said that dozens of its clients are preparing to file claims over the matter. Health The disruptions also impacted critical infrastructure, including emergency services. Doctors at the UK's National Health Service couldn't access scans, blood tests and patient histories. Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York and Boston-based Mass General Brigham warned that the CrowdStrike issue was affecting patient care. Hospitals in Europe reported having to close clinics and cancel procedures. New York's 911 and emergency systems were also impacted. New Hampshire's emergency 911 services are functioning again after a failure in which operators could see calls coming in but couldn't answer them. Automakers Renault was forced to halt production in the afternoon at its Maubeuge plant — on the Kangoo production line — and also at its Douai plant for lack of parts as suppliers got hit by the outage. Tesla Inc. Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk said on Friday that he has stopped using CrowdStrike software. “We just deleted CrowdStrike from all our systems,” Musk said in a post on his social media site X. He previously said that the outage “gave a seizure to the automotive supply chain.” Government Agencies US federal agencies weren't immune to the crisis. Employees at the FBI and Department of Justice were greeted Friday morning with a Windows error screen — dubbed the blue screen of death. The most significant impacts in the US are to health care, state and local police, plus some Department of Energy sites and the .gov domain, according to a person familiar with the consequences of the CrowdStrike outages on US government systems. Airlines and airports are now functional, and banks to a large extent too, the person said. © 2024 Bloomberg LP .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)




title = "Crowdstrike CEO Apologises for Global Tech Outage After Firm Deploys Fix for Issue" ,  Cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike has deployed a fix for an issue that triggered a major tech outage that affected industries ranging from airlines to banking to healthcare worldwide, the company's CEO said on Friday. Microsoft said separately it had fixed the underlying cause for the outage of its 365 apps and services including Teams and OneDrive, but residual impact was affecting some services. "This is not a security incident or cyberattack. The issue has been identified, isolated and a fix has been deployed," CrowdStrike CEO George Kurtz said in a post on social media platform X. 5 Things to Know About Microsoft’s Global Outage Caused by CrowdStrike The issue stemmed from a defect found in a single content update for Microsoft Windows hosts, Kurtz said, adding Mac and Linux hosts were not impacted by the issue. Shares of CrowdStrike tumbled nearly 12% in premarket trading, while Microsoft was down 1.4%. A massive IT outage was disrupting operations at companies across multiple industries on Friday, with major airlines halting flights, some broadcasters off-air and sectors ranging from banking to healthcare hit by system problems. CrowdStrike Update Causes Global Outage of Microsoft Services "We're deeply sorry for the impact that we've caused to customers, to travelers, to anyone affected by this, including our company," Kurtz told NBC News' "Today" program. "Many of the customers are rebooting the system and it's coming up and it'll be operational," Kurtz said. "It could be some time for some systems that won't automatically recover." CrowdStrike's "Falcon Sensor" software was causing Microsoft Windows to crash and display a blue screen, known informally as the "Blue Screen of Death," according to an alert sent by CrowdStrike earlier to its clients and reviewed by Reuters. The travel industry was among the hardest hit with airports around the world reporting delays and issues with their system network, while banks and financial institutions from Australia and India to South Africa warned clients about disruptions to their services. © Thomson Reuters 2024 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)




title = "Apple Vision Pro Gets New Immersive Video Content Including Films, TV Series" ,  Apple Vision Pro, which was unveiled last year at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), will now support new immersive video content. The company announced on Thursday that new series and films captured in Apple Immersive Video will be available exclusively to Apple Vision Pro users starting this week. Apple's immersive video technology utilises the 180-degree field of view 8K 3D video recording paired with spatial audio to deliver an immersive experience. Meanwhile, recent reports suggest that the Cupertino-based tech giant is reportedly working on newer versions of the AR/VR headset. Apple Vision Pro Immersive Video Content Availability Apple Vision Pro users in the US, the UK, Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, France, Germany, Japan, and Singapore will be able to access the new Apple Immersive video content free of cost from the Apple TV app. Users in China will be able to access the same from the Migu Video and Tencent Video apps. The mixed reality headset is not currently available for purchase in India, and it is currently unclear whether users who have purchased it from countries like the US will have access to the new content via the Apple TV app. Apple's Cheaper Vision Pro Headset May Get Lower-Resolution Displays New Immersive Video Content on the Apple Vision Pro Among the new immersive videos available to Apple Vision Pro users is the film Submerged. It is the first short film scripted for the medium, it is set to release "this fall" but the company did not specify a concrete release date. The film, set during World War II, is written and directed by Academy Award winner Edward Berger. Apple Vision Pro users will also be able to see an immersive short film on the 2024 NBA All-Star Weekend in Indianapolis featuring the first-ever NBA vs. WNBA 3-Point Challenge with Sabrina Ionescu and Stephen Curry. Meanwhile, Abel Tesfaye (The Weeknd) will also release an unspecified "immersive experience" exclusively for the platform, later this year. It could be a music video or a concert performance. Apple Intelligence to Reportedly Soon Arrive on Apple Vision Pro


Apple Could Be Planning Multiple Vision Pro Variants in Future: Report Some other new immersive video content for Apple Vision Pro includes Red Bull: Big-Wave Surfing which will help users have an experience like ocean surfers. The content list also has 'Elevated,' an aerial travel series as well as newer episodes of Boundless and Wild Life. The latter is an immersive wild-life documentary, while the former helps users virtually tour exotic landscapes around the world. 




title = "Google Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro XL Surface on IMDA Website Weeks Ahead of Debut" ,  Google recently gave us our first look at the Pixel 9 Pro after several leaks. The standard Pixel 9 and Pixel 9 Pro XL are expected to be unveiled next month, alongside the Pro model. While Google is yet to reveal any details about these two entries in the Pixel 9 series, three Pixel 9 series models have reportedly been spotted on Indonesia's Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA) certification website. The alleged listing suggests their model numbers and few connectivity options. MySmartPrice spotted listings for the Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro and Pixel 9 Pro XL on the IMDA website. As per the screenshot of the listing shared by the publication, the standard Pixel 9 bears the model number GUR25, while the Pixel 9 Pro and the Pixel 9 Pro XL carry the model numbers GEC77 and GZC4K, respectively. The purported listing doesn't reveal any specifications of the Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro and Pixel 9 Pro XL but it confirms support for 5G, Bluetooth, NFC, and Wi-Fi connectivity on these handsets. Google Pixel 9 Tensor G4 Scores Lower than Tensor G3 on Geekbench Tests Google Pixel 9 Series Specifications (Rumoured) Google has already announced that August 13 is when it will hold its next Made by Google hardware launch event. We can expect the company to launch four Pixel 9 smartphones at the event, as per previous reports. The company is already promoting the upcoming phones with teaser videos. The Pixel 9 Pro and Pixel 9 Pro Fold were teased in brief teaser videos earlier today. They are confirmed to be released in India on August 14. Google Pixel 9 Pro Design Revealed Ahead of Launch on August 13 As per past leaks, the Pixel 9 and Pixel 9 Pro will feature a 4,558mAh battery, while the Pixel 9 Pro XL is likely to be powered by a 4,942mAh battery. The vanilla Pixel 9 is said to get a 6.24-inch display while the Pro model could feature a 6.34-inch screen. The Tensor G4 could feature on all Pixel 9 models, and they are expected to run on Android 14.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Indian Crypto Exchanges Reveal Repercussions of the WazirX Hack Aftermath on Their Platforms" ,  The crypto sector in India is comprised of both national and international exchanges, offering hundreds of cryptocurrencies for investors, similar to trading on the stock market. This week, Mumbai-based WazirX, a widely used crypto exchange in India, fell prey to cybercriminals who managed to steal over $230 million (roughly Rs. 1,924 crore) from its reserves. In the aftermath of the hack, prices of most cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin and Ether, saw a considerable drop in prices on crypto exchanges in the country. While WazirX's team continues to investigate the matter, Gadgets360 discussed the situation with other crypto exchanges in the country to inquire about the status of users on their respective platforms. In the aftermath of the WazirX hack, these platforms were worried about rapid withdrawals as investors express their concerns online. However, the fears appear to have been unfounded, according to these crypto exchanges, based on activity observed over the last 24 hours. In conversation with Gadgets360, CoinSwitch business head, Balaji Srihari said, “We have not observed any significant increase in withdrawals following this unfortunate incident.” WazirX Breach: Rivals Assure Investors of Fund Safety After Alleged Breach CoinDCX and Mudrex have also claimed that their respective platforms have not experienced any unusual activity since Thursday. Giottus crypto exchange CEO and Founder Arjun Vijay claims that the WazirX hack may result in its users moving out of its ecosystem, towards other exchanges. “The crypto sector, globally, is currently on a bull run. Internationally, BTC is trading at $64,130 (roughly Rs. 53.6 lakh). It is unlikely that investors will choose to run away from the market right now. This may result in other exchanges ramping up their userbases in the coming weeks,” he said in a statement to Gadgets 360. Why Crypto Trading Volumes on Centralised Exchanges Are Tumbling After the news about WazirX's wallet hack spread, its rival exchanges took to social networking platforms to assure their respective users about the safety of their funds being intact. However, the crypto sector now expects some repercussions from the government especially because this incident happened just five days before the Union Budget for FY 2024-2025 is announced on July 23. Prior to this incident, the industry had been urging for incentives and benefits for Web3 startups and revisions in crypto taxes. Financial authorities have yet to publicly react to WazirX's hack. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  




title = "New Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses Outsell Previous Version, Says Essilux CEO" ,  Meta Platforms and EssilorLuxottica's new generation of smart glasses have sold more in a few months than the old ones did in two years, EssilorLuxottica's Chief Executive said on Tuesday. The Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses went on the market last October, allowing users to livestream directly from the glasses to followers on Facebook and Instagram. The smart glasses have Meta AI built in, with the ability to give information on the item a user is looking at. The first version of smartglasses, born from the collaboration between Meta and Essilorluxottica, were reported to have struggled to catch on with consumers. Boat Nirvana Space With 360-Degree Spatial Audio Support Debuts in India EssilorLuxottica's CEO Francesco Milleri said that the first generation of smart glasses, called Ray-Ban Stories, paved the way for the success of the new generation of smart glasses. "Today people's expectations are clearer.. hence the success of the second generation," Milleri said on the sidelines of an event in Milan. The AI feature on the Meta's Ray-Ban is restricted to the US and not allowed in Europe at the moment. Boat Smart Ring Active India Launch Date, Design, Price, Features Revealed "In Europe we are waiting for the decision of the new Artificial Intelligence Act, which we hope will arrive soon", Milleri added. EssilorLuxottica's CEO added that Meta was a "key partner" for the company and that his group's brands can be "a cultural intermediary to bring technology to people". © Thomson Reuters 2024 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)




title = "WhatsApp for Android Will Not Utilise Google’s Technology For Its Real-Time Translation Feature: Report" ,  WhatsApp for Android was earlier reported to be developing a new real-time translation feature that could utilise Google's live translation technology. A new report now suggests that while the feature is in the works, it will only rely on the instant messaging platform's in-house technology. The feature was spotted in the latest beta again, however, it is still not visible and those who have signed up for the beta programme will not be able to test it. There is no word on when it might be available to users. WhatsApp's Reported Auto-Translation Feature Might Not Use Google Tech In its latest update, the WhatsApp feature tracker WABetaInfo claimed that the feature still relies on WhatsApp's in-house technology and does not leverage any third-party tech to support it. This means that the entire processing of the feature will occur on-device and the messages will remain end-to-end encrypted. The feature tracker also shared a new screenshot of the feature, giving a better idea of how it might work. The screenshot was found within the latest WhatsApp for Android beta version 2.24.15.12. In the screenshot, the feature is titled “Translate your message”. WhatsApp also highlights, “Your texts are end-to-end encrypted. No one, including WhatsApp, can read them.” How Hackers Are Using a Bot to Target Indians in WhatsApp e-Challan Scam  WhatsApp Translation FeaturePhoto Credit: WABetaInfo Based on the screenshots, users will first have to turn on a toggle to translate all messages in a chat. Then, they will have to choose the language to be translated and the output language. After that, WhatsApp will ask the user to download a language pack. Once downloaded, all the messages in the chat will be automatically translated. Every translated message will also carry a “translated” label at the bottom of the bubble. WhatsApp Makes It Easier to Access Frequent Chats With Favourites Filter


WhatsApp May Soon Let Users Transcribe Voice Messages The feature tracker claims that the initial support is limited to languages such as English, Arabic, Hindi, Spanish, Portuguese (Brazil), and Russian. However, it is likely that WhatsApp will add support for more languages in the future. The feature reportedly appeared in the WhatsApp for Android app version 2.24.15.8 for the first time. Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to verify the existence of the feature or its workings. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Nothing Phone 2a Plus Teased to Come With Better Processor, Other Improvements Over Phone 2a" ,  Nothing Phone 2a Plus will be unveiled on July 31 as the second model in the lineup. Earlier this year, the company introduced the Nothing Phone 2a, which comes with a MediaTek Dimensity 7200 Pro chipset, a 5,000mAh battery with 45W wired fast charging support and a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit. The upcoming Plus variant is expected to come with improved features over the existing handset. Nothing co-founder Akis Evangelidis has teased some of those improvements in a recent social media post. Nothing Phone 2a Plus features teased The Nothing Phone 2a Plus will be a "beefed-up version" of the Phone 2a, Nothing co-founder Akis Evangelidis (@AkisEvangelidis) teased in a recent X post. In the post, he claimed that the upcoming Phone 2a Plus will come with "more processing power" and some other "improvements that didn't require hardware design changes." This suggests that the Nothing Phone 2a Plus will likely be backed by a more powerful chipset than the MediaTek Dimensity 7200 Pro that the current Phone 2a model carries. It is also expected to boast a design similar to that of the existing handset. We can expect more teasers and details of the smartphone closer to the launch date. Nothing Phone 2a price in India, features Notably, the Nothing Phone 2a was launched in India in March and a Special Edition with blue, red and yellow accents on the body was introduced later in May. The base 8GB + 128GB option is listed at Rs. 23,999, while the 8GB + 256GB and 12GB + 256GB variants are priced at Rs. 25,999 and Rs. 27,999, respectively. The Nothing Phone 2a comes with a 6.7-inch 120Hz full-HD+ (1,080x2,412 pixels) AMOLED screen with Corning Gorilla Glass 5 protection. It is powered by an octa-core 4nm MediaTek Dimensity 7200 Pro SoC and ships with Android 14-based Nothing OS 2.5. For optics, it carries two 50-megapixel sensors at the back and a 32-megapixel sensor at the front. The phone is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 45W wired fast charging support. 




title = "Amazon Prime Day 2024 Sale: From Keyboards to Desktop Speakers, Best Deals on PC Accessories" ,  Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale in India kicks off tomorrow (July 20) and goes on till July 21. During the two-day sale event, buyers have the opportunity to grab big discounts, bank coupons and other offers on a wide range of electronic products across categories such as smartphones, accessories, home appliances, laptops, PCs, and more. These devices will be available at considerably lower prices than their usually listed MRP on the e-commerce platform. In addition to existing offers, over 450 Indian and global brands will introduce products during the Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale. Amazon Prime Day 2024 Live Updates: Deals on Smartphones, Laptops and More


Amazon Prime Day Sale 2024: Best Tablet Deals Under Rs. 50,000


Amazon Prime Day 2024 Sale: Top Early Deals on Mobiles Under Rs. 30,000 If buyers are considering making a purchase related to PC peripherals, then the sale is a great avenue for getting accessories at discounted prices. Gadgets including mice, mechanical keyboards, speakers, web cameras, USB hubs and more, will also be available with a price cut during the sale. While it officially kicks off tomorrow, several early sale deals have already been revealed. The Asus Marshmellow Kw100 Keyboard, which usually retails for Rs. 4,229, can be purchased with a 47 percent discount at Rs. 2,299. In addition to this, the HP Z3700 Wireless Optical Mouse is available with a 48 percent discount, at Rs. 899. For those who struggle to manage their wired connections can look at the Verilux USB C Hub 6 in 1, which is currently selling with a 62 percent discount as part of the early offers. Amazon Prime Day 2024 Sale: Best Deals on PC Accessories Product MRP Deal Price     Asus Marshmellow Kw100 Keyboard Rs. 4,299 Rs. 2,299   HP Z3700 Wireless Optical Mouse Rs. 1,499 Rs. 899   Verilux USB C Hub 6 in 1 Rs. 2,999 Rs. 1,129   Creative Pebble Plus 2.1 Desktop Speakers Rs. 5,999 Rs. 3,399   Samsung T9 Portable External SSD 1TB Rs. 29,349 Rs. 10,949   Lenovo 300 FHD Webcam Rs. 5,310 Rs. 2,699 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Gemini AI to Get US Broadcast Coverage at Olympics 2024 as Google Signs Deals With Team USA, NBCUniversal" ,  Gemini AI will be all over the US broadcast coverage during the Olympics 2024. Google has signed a deal with Team USA and NBCUniversal to become the official “Search AI Partner” of Team USA. Since NBCUniversal will be broadcasting the event in the US, Google will showcase its AI services such as Gemini, AI Overviews, Circle to Search, and other tools such as Google Lens and Google Maps during the event. The tech giant has also highlighted that NBCUniversal's social media platforms will also host special digital sightseeing tours of Paris using its AI tools. Gemini AI to Get Coverage During Olympics 2024 Olympics 2024 is set to be held between July 26 and August 11 in Paris, France. NBCUniversal, the parent company of numerous cable channels such as USA, Syfy, Bravo, E! as well as streaming service Peacock, has the exclusive distribution and coverage rights of the event in the US. After becoming the official Search AI Partner of the event, Google will get the opportunity to showcase its AI-based products and services through various broadcast shows and social media engagement campaigns. Google detailed some of these showcases in a blog post. During NBCUniversal's daytime and primetime coverage, NBC Olympics announcers will use Google Search's latest addition, AI Overviews, to show how it can help users find out more about their favourite sports and athletes quickly. Notably, an earlier report claimed that the tech giant has significantly reduced the visibility of AI Overviews. Gemini AI Will Now Perform Certain Actions When the Phone is Locked NBC's Leslie Jones will also use Gemini to share information about Olympic games and Team USA. The same will also be featured on streaming platform Peacock. Social media handles of NBCUniversal will also host special events where US Olympians and Paralympians will use Google Lens, Circle to Search, and Google Maps to take virtual tours of the city of Paris. Google Pixel Watch 3 Could Arrive in Up to Four Colours at These Prices


Google Maps Live Activities Support Starts Rolling Out to More Users Speaking about the partnership, Google stated, “With the help of Team USA athletes and NBC talent, we'll show how our latest advancements in Search, Google Maps Platform and Gemini can make it easier to explore and learn about the Olympic and Paralympic Games.” Notably, the financial details of the deal are not known. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iPhone 16 Shipments in 2024 Not Expected to See Increase Despite Claims, Suggests Analyst" ,  iPhone 16 shipments were previously reported to see an increase in 2024, but that may not be the case when it launches, according to claims by an Apple analyst. This rise in iPhone orders from suppliers was speculated to be a result of upgrades coming with Apple's next iPhone, which was headlined by Apple Intelligence – its suite of artificial intelligence (AI) features. However, the recent earnings calls of Apple suppliers is reported to have hinted at the company expecting similar shipments of its iPhone 16 as compared to the iPhone 15 series. iPhone 16 Shipments In previous weeks, rumours had surfaced that suggested Apple may be planning more iPhone 16 shipments in 2024. A recent Bloomberg report suggested that Apple was betting on shipping at least 90 million iPhone 16 units in the latter half of 2024, translating into a 10 percent year-on-year (YoY) growth. This is attributed to the iPhone maker expecting more sales of the entire iPhone 16 lineup courtesy of the new A18 chipset as well as Apple Intelligence features. However, that may not turn out to be the case. According to TF International Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, earnings calls of two Apple suppliers – Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) and Largan – suggest Apple is not expecting any big jump in shipments of its next iPhone series from an electronics manufacturing services (EMS) or assembly perspective. Apple Store App Update Brings More Personalised Suggestions It is speculated to be expecting 87 million iPhone 16 units shipped in the second half of 2024, as compared to 91 million iPhone 15 shipments in 2H23. As per the analyst, folks at TSMC said “We did not see kind of unit growth suddenly increased”. Furthermore, “orders for high-end models this year are similar to last year”, Largan commented. Apple Reportedly Claims OpenELM Not Used for Apple Intelligence


Apple Postpones Plans for Thinner iPhone Models: Ming-Chi Kuo Notably, Apple Intelligence is officially confirmed to be only compatible with iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max powered by the A17 Pro SoC. On the other hand, the standard iPhone 15 and previous models are not supported. Since the entire iPhone 16 lineup is speculated to run on the same chipset, all models in the series may support Apple's AI suite. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "BTC, ETH Log Minor Price Slips Globally, Crypto Rates See Notable Decline in India After WazirX Breach" ,  The crypto market recorded a minor slip in terms of pricing over the last 24 hours. While most cryptocurrencies recorded price fluctuations on international exchanges on Friday, July 19, Indian exchanges showed notable price declines following the security breach of one of WazirX's multi-signature wallets. Bitcoin, for instance, is trading at $64,056 (roughly Rs. 53.5 lakh) on CoinMarketCap after a loss of 1.17 percent. On Indian exchanges like BuyUCoin and WazirX, BTC is trading at $58,862 (roughly Rs. 50 lakh) after logging a decline of up to 12.39 percent. “If BTC fails to climb above the $64,650 (roughly Rs. 54.09 lakh) resistance zone, it could move downward toward the $62,500 (roughly Rs. 52.2 lakh) level. Additionally, the recent hack of WazirX has added pressure on Indian investors. Market participants should monitor the market closely and stay updated,” Edul Patel, CEO of Mudrex, told Gadgets360. Ether clocked a minor loss of 0.22 percent to trade at $3,416 (roughly Rs. 2.85 lakh) on CoinMarketCap. Whereas on Indian exchanges, ETH is trading within the range of $3,100 (roughly Rs. 2.59 lakh) and $3,413 (roughly Rs. 2.85 lakh) after seeing its price tumble up to 13.60 percent. Why Crypto Trading Volumes on Centralised Exchanges Are Tumbling As reflected on Gadgets360's crypto price tracker on Friday, most cryptocurrencies are trading in losses in India. These include Tether, Binance Coin, Solana, Ripple, Dogecoin, Cardano, Avalanche, and Shiba Inu. Polkadot, Chainlink, Bitcoin Cash, Leo, and Litecoin also suffered losses. How AppChains Could Transform Web3 and Blockchain Technology The crypto market capitalisation slipped by 0.63 percent in the last 24 hours. Presently, the crypto sector valuation stands at $2.35 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,96,50,183 crore), as per CoinMarketCap. Near Protocol, Cronos, Bitcon SV, and Iota, meanwhile, managed to see minor gains on Friday. “In the US, major financial firms including BlackRock, Fidelity, 21Shares, Grayscale, Bitwise, and Invesco Galaxy have submitted their final S-1 filings to the SEC for the approval of spot ether ETFs. The regulator is anticipated to greenlight these applications next week, with the funds expected to be launched on Tuesday. This approval could mark a pivotal moment for the US crypto market,” the CoinSwitch markets desk told Gadgets360. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CrowdStrike Update Causes Global Microsoft Outage, Affecting Services and Bringing ‘Blue Screen of Death’" ,  CrowdStrike, the endpoint security software, caused a major global outage of Microsoft services, including Windows and Office 365, following an update on Friday. The alleged issue brought the ‘blue screen of death' (BSOD) to Windows devices across the world, with users unable to access their devices. Furthermore, the problem is also reported to have resulted in the disruption of services across information technology (IT) companies, airports, banks and other sectors. CrowdStrike Error: What Happened The issue seems to have surfaced following a CrowdStrikeupdate that resulted in ‘Blue Screen of Death' on Windows devices. The error says, “Your device ran into a problem and needs to restart”. However, restarting does not appear to solve the issue, with the device getting stuck in a boot loop. Microsoft lists the error with the STOP code “PAGE_FAULT-IN-NONPAGED_AREA”. It is allegedly caused to due a failure of a CrowdStrike agent system file, as per the error log. CrowdStrike Error: Its Impact Software status monitoring website Downdetector suggests the outage has impacted several Microsoft services, including Microsoft Store and Microsoft 365. The platform also reports that 911 emergency services in several states in the US have also been affected. According to claims on social media, the CrowdStrike update error seems to have resulted in the disruption of services across institutions such as banks, airports and IT companies. Berlin Air suspended all flights, attributing it to a “technical problem”, a spokesperson told AFP. All check-in and flight services were cancelled until 10 am local time (1:30 pm IST). Furthermore, several US airlines, including Delta, United and American Airlines, grounded their flights, with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) citing a communication issue. India's IndiGo Airlines issued a statement informing about the impact on its services, resulting in long waiting lines while checking in and errors while booking tickets. It attributed the problem to Microsoft Azure, stating that its digital experts are working on a solution. A similar statement was also issued by Akasa Air and Indian Airlines. Media outlets were also reported to face issues due to the global outage of Microsoft services, with the UK's Sky News and CBBC and Australia's ABC News being some of the ones affected. Furthermore, the London Stock Exchange (LSE), run by the LSE Group, also said it was facing an issue that prevented the RNS news service from publishing on the LSE website. As many as three Gadgets 360 staffers were impacted by the issue. CrowdStrike Error: Response Update: CrowdStrike CEO George Kurtz has issued a statement informing that the root cause has been identified and patched. The company is claimed to be "actively working with customers" impacted by the outage. The CEO revealed that the error was not due to a "security incident or cyberattack" but because of a defect in a single content update for the Windows platform. It did not affect Linux or Mac devices. CrowdStrike is actively working with customers impacted by a defect found in a single content update for Windows hosts. Mac and Linux hosts are not impacted. This is not a security incident or cyberattack. The issue has been identified, isolated and a fix has been deployed. We…— George Kurtz (@George_Kurtz) July 19, 2024 CrowdStrike and Microsoft have both issued statements following the outage. Microsoft said that several “mitigation actions” were in process, while it also focussed on redirecting impacted traffic to “healthy systems”. As per a Reuters report, Microsoft acknowledged that the problem arose at 6 pm ET (3:30 am IST), with customers in its Central US area facing issues while accessing Azure services. A Microsoft spokesperson told Gadgets 360, "We're aware of an issue affecting Windows devices due to an update from a third-party software platform. We anticipate a resolution is forthcoming." In a statement hidden behind a registration wall, CrowdStrike acknowledged the issue, stating it “is aware of crash reports”. On the CrowdStrike subreddit, the moderator also published a workaround for those who are still affected by it. To resolve it, it advised users to: Boot the Windows device into Safe Mode or open the Windows Recovery Environment Next, navigate to the C:\Windows\System32\drivers\CrowdStrike directory Find a file in the system directory matching “C-00000291*.sys”, and delete it Boot the host normally In a subsequent response, the Texas-based cybersecurity company said that the problem, related to a “Falcon Sensor” on Windows following a content deployment, has been patched and the changes reverted by its engineering teams. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Could Ditch Snapdragon for MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ Chipset" ,  Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 series was previously tipped to arrive at the company's recent Galaxy Unpacked event on July 10 alongside the Galaxy Z series foldables. Unfortunately, Samsung's launch event did not mention the next-generation tablets. Now, the South Korean brand is rumoured to release the  Galaxy Tab S10 series in October. As we wait for an official confirmation of Samsung's launch plans, a new leak reveals details about the tablet's hardware.  The Galaxy Tab S10 series is anticipated to consist of two devices — a Galaxy Tab S10+ and Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Could Feature MediaTek Dimensity SoC Tipster Ice Universe on X claimed that the Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 series will be powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chip, contradicting previous rumours that suggested the presence of Qualcomm's Snapdragon chipset on the upcoming Galaxy tablets. MediaTek's Dimensity 9300+ mobile processor is a high-end octa-core chip featuring four cores clocked at 2.0GHz, three cores with clock speed up to 2.85GHz, and a prime core with 3.4GHz speed. The platform supports up to LPDDR5T-9600 RAM and UFS 4.0 storage. If these claims are true, it would be a notable shift for Samsung, which has been equipping its high-end tablets with Snapdragon chipsets for the past few years. All three models in last year's Galaxy Tab S9 family run on custom Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC for Galaxy. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 7 Might Get a Thin Profile as Galaxy S24 Similarly, the Galaxy Tab S8 models that were launched in 2022 shipped with a Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 SoC. It is worth taking these claims with a grain of salt, as Samsung is yet to announce any details of the purported Galaxy Tab S10 series. As per the latest rumours, the Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 series will be unveiled in October. This time Samsung is expected to skip the standard Galaxy Tab S10 model and focus on Galaxy Tab S10+ and Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra models. The Plus variant was earlier spotted on Geekbench with model number SM-X828U. The listing suggested MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset, 12GB of RAM and Android 14 on the device. Samsung Galaxy Ring With Up to 7 Days Battery Life Launched in Nine Sizes   




title = "Poco M6 5G 64GB Storage Variant Launched in India: Price, Availability" ,  Poco M6 5G will soon be available in a new 64GB storage option in India. The phone was initially launched in three RAM and storage configurations of 4GB + 128GB, 6GB + 128GB and 8GB + 256GB. The upcoming variant is expected to be cheaper than all the existing options. The phone is backed by a MediaTek Dimensity 6100+ SoC and a 5,000mAh battery with fast charging support. It sports a dual rear camera unit and is equipped with a side-mounted fingerprint sensor. Poco M6 5G 64GB Variant Price in India, Availability The Poco M6 5G will be available at Rs. 8,999 in India in a new 4GB + 64GB variant starting from July 20 at 12am (midnight) IST via Flipkart. A banner on the e-commerce site confirmed these details. The new configuration of the handset will be offered to customers of select banks with up to Rs. 1,000 discount, according to the Flipkart listing.  Poco M6 5G new variant Flipkart banner  The phone comes in Galactic Black, Orion Blue, and Polaris Green colourways. The existing 4GB + 128GB, 6GB + 128GB and 8GB + 256GB variants were launched at Rs. 10,499, Rs. 11,499 and Rs. 13,499, respectively. Poco M6 Plus 5G Price in India, Design, Specifications Leaked Poco M6 5G Specifications, Features The Poco M6 5G sports a 6.74-inch HD+ (1,600 x 720 pixels) display with a 90Hz refresh rate, a 260ppi pixel density, up to 600 nits peak brightness, and a 180Hz touch sampling rate alongside Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection. It is powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 6100+ SoC paired with up to 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB of onboard storage. The phone also ships with Android 13-based MIUI 14. For optics, the Poco M6 5G has a dual rear camera unit which includes a 50-megapixel AI-backed primary sensor and an unspecified secondary shooter. Meanwhile, the front camera holds a 5-megapixel sensor. Poco M6 5G With Exclusive Airtel Prepaid Bundle Debuts: See Price, Offers


Poco M6 5G, Poco C65 Get New Green Colour Option in India The Poco M6 5G is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 18W wired charging support. The phone also supports 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 5, Bluetooth 5.3, GPS, and USB Type-C connectivity. It carries a side-mounted fingerprint sensor for security and also has a 3.5mm audio jack.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OpenAI GPT-4o Mini Launched As the Company’s Most Cost-Effective Small AI Model" ,  OpenAI released its latest artificial intelligence (AI) model, GPT-4o Mini, on Thursday. It is a small AI model, and the company says it is its most cost-effective model to date. While the ChatGPT maker did not specify the parameter size of the model, it highlighted that it was on par with other small language models (SLM). GPT-4o Mini is replacing GPT-3.5 Turbo on ChatGPT for all users as the default AI model. It will also be made available as application programming interface (API) for enterprises and developers. OpenAI Releases GPT-4o Mini In a blog post, the company announced the public release of its latest AI model. One of the main highlights of the new AI model is its cost-effectiveness. The company says it is 60 percent cheaper than GPT-3.5 Turbo, which was its previous cheapest small model. In actual numbers, processing one million input tokens will cost the company $0.15 (roughly Rs. 12), and per million output tokens will cost $0.60 (roughly Rs. 50). Since GPT-4o Mini is a small model, it also offers low latency (time taken to show the response) which makes it one of the company's most efficient AI models. It currently supports text and vision (image processing) in the API, and OpenAI says it will support text, image, video and audio as both input and output in the future. Whistleblowers Reportedly Accuse OpenAI of Enforcing 'Illegal' NDAs While the AI firm did not share the parameter size of the new SLM, it revealed that GPT-4o Mini has a context window of 1,28,000 tokens and can support up to 16,000 output tokens per request (on API). Its knowledge cut-off is up to October 2023. Coming to performance, OpenAI said the AI model scored 82 percent on the Massive Multitask Language Understanding (MMLU) benchmark and outperformed the earliest model of GPT-4 on the independent AI chatbot ranking website Large Model Systems Organization's (LMSYS) leaderboard. However, the changes have not reflected on the website at the time of writing this. OpenAI also claimed that the GPT-4o Mini outperformed Gemini Flash and Claude Haiku in reasoning text and vision-based tasks, based on its internal testing. It is also claimed to score 87 percent on the Multilingual Grade School Math (MGSM) benchmark and 87.2 percent on the HumanEval benchmark. These two benchmarks measure the AI model's math and coding proficiency, respectively. For safety, the AI firm said it has used both automated and human evaluations as per its Preparedness Framework. The company also tested the AI model with 70 external experts from different disciplines to identify potential risks. OpenAI Might Have Overlooked Safety and Security Protocols for GPT-4o


OpenAI Working on Project 'Strawberry' for 'Deep Research' Capabilities The GPT-4o Mini has been rolled out as the default AI model for ChatGPT for free, Plus, and Team users. The AI model will be extended to enterprise users starting next week. Further, it is also available as a text and vision model in the Assistants API, Chat Completions API, and Batch API. Fine-tuned variants of the model will also be released in the future. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iQoo Z9 Pro Reportedly Surfaces on BIS Website, Camera Specifications Leaked via FV-5 Database" ,  iQoo Z9 Pro was spotted on the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) website, hinting at its imminent launch in India, according to a report. The handset is tipped to be part of the iQoo Z9 lineup, which recently got an addition in the form of iQOO Z9 Lite that debuted on July 15. Furthermore, the camera specifications of the handset may also have been leaked via the Camera FV-5 database. iQoo Z9 Pro Specifications (Expected) According to a MySmartPrice report, the iQoo Z9 Pro was listed on the BIS website with model number I2305. While this listing did not reveal any specifications of the handset, another listing, via the Camera FV-5 database, suggested that its primary camera may be equipped with optical image stabilisation (OIS). As per the database, the primary shooter on the iQoo Z9 Pro will be a 12.5-megapixel sensor with a maximum image resolution of 4096x3072 pixels. It is speculated to support 1x magnification with a 68.2-degree horizontal and 58.3-degree vertical field of view. The sensor is tipped to have a f/1.8 aperture and 26.6mm focal length. Additionally, it will reportedly shoot images in the JPEG/DNG format. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold Teased, to Go Official in India Next Month The listing also suggests that it may have a 72-3200 ISO range. However, details about the handset's other cameras are unknown. This development comes just a day after information about another smartphone by the company, the iQoo Z9 Turbo+, was leaked on social media by tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese). iQoo Z9 Turbo+ Specifications (Expected) iQoo Z9 Turbo+ will reportedly be powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset. It is speculated to feature a flat OLED display with 1.5K resolution and may come with the model number V2417A. While the tipster did not reveal specifics about its battery capacity, it is suggested to be equipped with “large silicon cells” (translated from Chinese). HMD Skyline With Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC, Lumia Design Debuts


Nothing Phone 2a Plus Launch Set for Later This Month The handset is expected to sit above all the handsets in the iQoo Z9 lineup, including iQoo Z9, iQoo Z9 Lite, iQoo Z9x, and iQoo Z9 Turbo, though the latter has not been introduced in India. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Offers a First Look at Pixel 9 Pro Fold; Set to Debut in India on August 14 Alongside Pixel 9 Pro" ,  Google's hardware event is all set to take place on August 13. Around a month ahead of the "Made By Google" event, the tech giant posted a new teaser video for the Pixel 9 Pro Fold, ending speculation about the design and name of its next foldable Android phone. The teaser suggests an off-white colour option for the foldable. It seems to have a dual-level rear camera design. Notably, the Pixel 9 Pro Fold is also confirmed to debut in the Indian market. The Pixel 9 Pro Fold is anticipated to come with upgrades over last year's Pixel Fold. Pixel 9 Pro Fold design revealed Shortly after revealing the Pixel 9 Pro, Google showed off the Pixel 9 Pro Fold in a teaser video confirming the design and name. The handset is shown with the tagline "foldable phone built for the Gemini era" and we can see an AI chatbot in the video. The foldable appears to have a prominent camera rectangular bump and lenses are arranged vertically in a dual-level design. The teaser video reveals the external display and its hinge mechanism of the Pixel 9 Pro Fold. The cover display has a hole punch cutout. It is showcased in an off-white finish which looks similar to Google's signature Porcelain shade, and we can expect to see more vibrant colourways when it goes official. Google Pixel Watch 3 Tipped to Offer These Upgrades Over Pixel Watch 2 Pixel 9 Pro Fold India launch date announced Additionally, Google has confirmed that it will bring the Pixel 9 Pro Fold to the Indian market. Its predecessor, the Google Pixel Fold, did not launch in the country. The book-style foldable will be released alongside the Pixel 9 Pro in the country on August 14, a day after the global launch event. Out with the old. In with the fold. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold, for the first time in India. ✨Learn more at: https://t.co/72BVe5FKyB pic.twitter.com/5b0cAFs0qd— Google India (@GoogleIndia) July 19, 2024 In an X post, Google India wrote: “Out with the old. In with the fold. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold, for the first time in India". The post shows off a black colour option of the phone. Interested users can sign up for information about the arrival of Pixel 9 Pro Fold and Pixel 9 Pro from Google's online store. Google Pixel 9 Series Prices, Colour Options, Storage Leaked The Pixel Fold, the first foldable smartphone from the tech giant, hasn't made its way to India yet. The Pixel 9 Pro Fold 2 is expected to bring competition to the Galaxy Z Fold 6, OnePlus Open and Tecno Phantom V Fold in India. 




title = "Google Pixel 9 Pro Design Revealed Ahead of Launch on August 13" ,  Google Pixel 9 Pro is confirmed to launch at the upcoming Made by Google event on August 13. The company has now revealed the design of its upcoming handset. The teaser gives us a closer look at the rear camera module of the Google Pixel 8 Pro successor. Previous leaks have suggested some of the key features of the Pixel 9 Pro, alongside its expected camera details. Notably, the tech giant has also released a similar teaser for the Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold. Google Pixel 9 Pro design The Google Pixel 9 Pro is teased in an off-white colourway. The design is similar to that of the previously leaked renders. The visor-like raised rear camera island holds a pill-shaped black module which has three camera sensors arranged horizontally. Outside of the black module, we can see the LED flash unit alongside the temperature sensor. The camera island also appears to have a grainy texture.  In the teaser video, we get a brief glance at the flat display of the Google Pixel 9 Pro. The phone is also seen with a metallic frame which holds the power button and volume rockers on the right edge. Google Pixel 9 Series Design, Battery Details Spotted Again Ahead of Debut The Google Pixel 9 Pro is also teased to come with support for Gemini AI, Google's artificial intelligence-powered service. Previously it has been tipped to come with a free 1-year subscription to Gemini Advanced. Google Pixel 9 Pro Price (Rumoured) Google Pixel 9 Pro pricing details have previously been leaked. The phone could start at EUR 1,099 (roughly Rs. 99,000) for the 128GB option, while the 256GB and 512GB variants could be priced at EUR 1,199 (roughly Rs. 1,09,000) and EUR 1,329 (roughly Rs. 1,20,000) respectively. The handset will likely be offered in four colourways — Hazel, Obsidian, Pink and Porcelain. Google Pixel 9 Series Camera Details Leaked Ahead of Expected August Launch


Google Pixel 9 Pro Might Offer Free Gemini Advanced For One Year Google Pixel 9 Pro Specifications, Price (Rumoured) The upcoming Pixel 9 Pro is expected to be powered by a Tensor G4 chipset from Google. It is also likely to be backed by a 4,558mAh battery with at least 25W wired fast charging support. Previous leaks have also suggested that the handset could be equipped with the 50-megapixel Sony IMX858 sensor for its ultrawide, telephoto, and front cameras. It is said to arrive with the same 50-megapixel Samsung GNK main sensor found on the Pixel 8 Pro. 




title = "iQoo Z9 Turbo+ Launch Timeline Leaked, Key Specifications Including MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ Chipset Tipped" ,  iQoo Z9 Turbo was launched in China in April, with a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset under the hood. Now, the Vivo sub-brand is said to be preparing to unveil a new Z-series phone — iQoo Z9 Turbo+. iQoo is yet to announce a launch date for the phone, but the latest leak coming out of China tells us its launch timeline and which chipset it will use. The iQoo Z9 Turbo+ is expected to flaunt a 1.5K resolution display. It could run on a MediaTek Dimensity chipset. iQoo Z9 Turbo+ Specifications (Leaked) Tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) leaked the launch timeline and key details of the iQoo Z9 Turbo+ via Weibo. The tipster says that the handset might be revealed in September or October, but it is yet to get approval from Chinese certification authorities. The upcoming iQoo phone will feature a flat OLED display with 1.5K resolution and run on a MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset, according to the leaker's post on the Chinese microblogging website. It is said to come with the model number V2417A. iQoo Pad 2 Pro Launched in a New RAM and Storage Variant The post doesn't divulge the battery capacity of the iQoo Z9 Turbo+, but Digital Chat Station claims that the iQoo Z9 Turbo+ will be equipped with a battery with "large silicon cells" (translated from Chinese). The vanilla iQoo Z9 Turbo has a 6,000mAh battery and 80W wired charging support. iQoo Z9 Turbo Price, Specifications The iQoo Z9 Turbo+ is likely to sit alongside the iQoo Z9 Turbo in the market. The latter was launched in April with a starting price tag of CNY 1,999 (roughly Rs. 23,000) for the 12GB+ 256GB model. The top-end 16GB+ 512GB model is priced at CNY 2,599 (roughly Rs. 29,000). iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC Goes Official The iQoo Z9 Turbo feature a 6.78-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,400 pixels) AMOLED display with up to 144Hz refresh rate. It has a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset under the hood alongside up to 16GB LPDDR5X RAM and up to 512GB UFS 4.0 storage. It features a dual rear camera setup led by a 50-megapixel new Sony LYT-600 sensor. Selfies are managed by a 16-megapixel selfie shooter. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Airtel Unlimited 5G Data Booster Packs Launched in India: Check Price, Validity" ,  Airtel has introduced new data booster packs in India. These packs will allow unlimited 5G access to users. They will allow users without existing 5G plans to access unlimited 5G connectivity. These data packs will also allow users access to additional 4G data over and above the unlimited 5G data provided by the carrier. Airtel, like rival network providers in the country, recently increased prices for postpaid and prepaid recharge plans. With these hikes, unlimited 5G access was limited to only plans with a minimum of 2GB of daily data. Airtel Unlimited 5G Data Booster Packs Launched in India The telecom provider confirmed in a press note that users on plans with 1GB or 1.5GB daily data allowance, who do not have access to 5G connectivity, will now be able to access the same with the help of the new unlimited 5G booster packs. with prices starting at Rs. 51. According to Airtel, customers who are on plans that do not support unlimited 5G connectivity will be able to access 5G services with these booster packs. They are available in the country at prices of Rs. 51, Rs. 101 and Rs. 151. Airtel Hikes Prices of Prepaid and Postpaid Plans by Up to 20 Percent These also come with additional 4G data access of 3GB, 6GB and 9GB, respectively, aside from offering access to unlimited 5G data. The validity of these booster packs, much like other add-on plans, is the same as the existing plan that the user is on at any given time. How Airtel's Unlimited 5G Data Booster Packs Work For example, assuming you are on a Rs. 929 plan that allows 1.5GB 4G data per day for 90 days and is set to expire on October 15. If you opt for the Rs. 101 unlimited 5G booster pack today, the unlimited 5G connectivity support will last till October 15. Airtel Hits Back at Alleged Threat Actor, Refutes Claims of Data Breach


Telecom Operators Said to Be Testing Caller ID Services in These Areas Even if you recharge with the booster pack in early October, it will still expire on October 15, with your existing main prepaid plan. In this instance, aside from the 1.5GB 4G data per day and unlimited 5G data, you will also get an additional 6GB 4G data which is also valid till the same date. 




title = "Apple Store App Updated With Revamped ‘For You’ Section With Personalised Suggestions" ,  Apple has updated the company's Apple Store app, revamping it with new options and personalisation settings. Its latest update to Apple's shopping platform where users can learn about, explore and purchase the company's devices has been overhauled, including the ‘For You' section which is claimed to offer users a more personalised experience. Two existing options in the app's user interface (UI) have also been updated by the Cupertino company, although they still appear to offer the same navigational functionalities. Apple Store App Updated With Personalised Suggestions According to Apple's release notes, the ‘For You' section in the Apple Store app now offers relevant suggestions. It can also inform the user of ongoing promotional campaigns, such as free Apple Music offers or limited trials for Apple TV+. Meanwhile, the Shop option has been replaced with Products, and Go Further is now visible in place of Sessions. However, both functions still navigate to their previously respective pages, with the former taking users to the shopping screen, while the latter bringing up Apple sessions. This Case Can Turn Your Apple Watch Into an iPod With a Scroll Wheel In addition to these changes, Apple has also introduced a new data collection feature that collects information about the user's subscriptions and their shopping activities to make suggestions. However, this is said to be an opt-in feature, meaning users won't be automatically signed up for it. Apple says users can modify these settings via settings. The update also brings a new video series called “Today at Apple”. It consists of short videos providing information about Apple devices and tips related to their features. The full release notes for the Apple Store app reads: Microsoft Designer App Is Now Available to All Users on iOS, Android, Windows


Apple's Latest Patent Describes Technology to 'Rank' Public Wi-Fi Networks A fresh, more curated experience that makes it easier to quickly find the most relevant content on the For You tab, shop the latest on the Products tab, and make the most of the devices you already own on the Go Further tab. Check out the new video series from Today at Apple with featured guests that will inspire you to do more with your devices. New options to customize your privacy settings and preferences give you enhanced control over how Apple will use the data you share with us. The Apple Store app is free to download on Apple devices such as the iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple Watch. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "WazirX Data Breach: Rivals Assure Investors About Fund Safety After Crypto Firm Suffers Alleged Data Breach" ,  Indian crypto exchange WazirX informed its users about a security breach on Thursday, that reportedly led to suspicious movement of funds worth $234.9 million (roughly Rs. 1,965 crore) into a Tornado Cash-linked wallet. Many crypto investors in India have expressed apprehension about the potential loss of user funds. WazirX's rivals in India, including CoinDCX, Giottus, and CoinSwitch, have assured their users that their funds are safe. Earlier on Thursday, WazirX stated that it was investigating the incident and is yet to provide additional information about the alleged breach. Other crypto firms have warned investors that the market may experience some volatility in the aftermath of the alleged WazirX breach. The founders of some of these crypto exchanges have asked investors to be mindful about their financial decisions in the coming days. CoinSwitch CEO Ashish Singhal, CoinDCX Co-Founder Neeraj Khandelwal, and Giottus CEO Vikram Subburaj asked crypto investors to remain calm after WazirX acknowledged that it was investigating the alleged data breach. The government has remained sceptical about embracing the cryptocurrency sector, which is currently worth $2.36 trillion (roughly Rs. 2,36,000 crore). It is highly volatile and governments around the world are concerned that including crypto in existing financial systems could end up disturbing monetary stability because of constantly fluctuating prices. Why Crypto Trading Volumes on Centralised Exchanges Are Tumbling The alleged WazirX hack has come to light days before Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman will present the Union Budget for FY 2024-2025. The crypto sector in India has been urging the government to revise the crypto tax regime and introduce incentives to promote the sector. This incident could dampen the odds of any positive development that could have been expected from the government as part of this budget. Reactions expressing concerns and disappointment are pouring in on social media around WazirX's mega hack. Some have also noted changes in crypto prices following the attack. WazirX exploiter has sent I hacked WazirX tokens to @VitalikButerin, this is not a theft but a statement.hope a deal works out between both the parties, this does not look good for Indian ecosystem.hash: https://t.co/5NQJ0xPKJF pic.twitter.com/MCHuFQB26S— yash.shm :arrow_up_small: (@yashjhade) July 18, 2024 As per the Latest POR report, Wazirx was Hodling $503 Million worth of Crypto.Hack is worth $230 Million as of now.If this amount is not recovered, can become a big problem for the exchange. pic.twitter.com/OAGa0KQJRB— Aditya Singh (@CryptooAdy) July 18, 2024 Shiba Inu's price has dropped amid concerns of a SHIB sell-off following the WazirX hack. The hack has raised fears of increased selling pressure on the token, leading to a decline in its value. This incident highlights the potential risks and vulnerabilities in the… pic.twitter.com/KcfwknlLWo— Ricards (@Ricardswo) July 18, 2024 The deposit and withdrawal services of WazirX were halted earlier on Thursday, and remained unavailable at the time of publishing this story. Meanwhile, cybersecurity firm Arkham Intel initiated a bounty to identify a vulnerability related to this hack on WazirX. The reward offered by Arkham was 5,000 ARKM, and the platform later announced that a user on X (@ZachXBT) solved the bounty. Visa Partners Wirex to Offer Crypto Payment Services to Merchants Globally “@ZachXBT submitted definitive evidence of a KYC-linked deposit address used by the exploiter to receive funds from the WazirX exploit. This fulfills one of the criteria of the bounty - ‘Identifying a KYC centralized exchange deposit'. This information will be shared with the WazirX team,” the firm said in a post on X. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  




title = "Gemini AI Assistant Can Now Answer Questions, Perform Tasks Even When Android Device Is Locked" ,  Gemini artificial intelligence (AI) assistant on Android is getting a new upgrade and users will now be able to access it and get it to perform certain tasks even when the device is locked. While the AI-powered virtual assistant was able to respond on the lock screen earlier, completing any tasks required invoking Google Assistant. With this update, users can not only do tasks such as setting, stopping, and snoozing alarms but can also ask general questions and find the answers without unlocking the device. Gemini AI Assistant Can Now Operate on the Lock Screen The new feature update was announced on a support page for Gemini. The update stated, “You can get help from Gemini by touch or by saying “Hey Google” (if on) when your device is locked, based on your lock screen settings.” Interestingly, the command ‘Hey Google' works even if the screen is turned off. The prompt automatically wakes the screen and shows the Gemini AI bottom sheet interface where the user can continue to verbally command the virtual assistant or type in the query. The Gemini AI assistant opens a full-screen window to show the answer, just how it works when the device is unlocked. Once the Gemini window is closed, the lock screen appears. Google Vids, the AI Presentation Tool, Is Now Available in Workspace Labs Apart from asking the AI general questions, users can also use it to set, stop, and snooze alarms, set and stop timers, pause and play songs, as well as turn on the flashlight or control the volume. While these tasks are still done using Google Assistant, the interface is now much smoother, and the user does not have to wait for the command to be fulfilled. However, to get the Gemini AI to answer general questions on the lock screen, the user must have allowed Gemini to operate on the lock screen. To do this, users can open Gemini > tap on Profile picture > tap Gemini on lock screen > turn on Responses on lock screen. Google Pixel 9 Pro Might Offer Free Gemini Advanced For One Year


Google DeepMind Is Making Gemini AI-Integrated Smarter Robots Similarly, to allow Gemini to perform tasks on the lock screen, users will need to allow the AI assistant to use Google Assistant's capabilities. To do this, open Gemini on your Android device. Tap on the profile picture or initials. Open Settings. Tap on Google Assistant features > Google Assistant on lock screen > Turn Responses on lock screen. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "HMD Skyline With Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC, 108-Megapixel Triple Rear Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  HMD Skyline has been launched as the latest smartphone from the Finnish manufacturer HMD (Human Mobile Devices). The new offering has a Lumia 920-like design and features a 6.55-inch screen with 144Hz refresh rate. The HMD Skyline runs on Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 chipset and has a triple rear camera setup led by a 108-megapixel main camera. It has a repairable design that lets users replace the screen quickly using iFixit's self-repair kits. The HMD Skyline carries a 4,600mAh battery with wired and wireless charging support. HMD Skyline price Price of HMD Skyline starts at EUR 399 (roughly Rs. 36,000) for the 8GB + 128GB model and the 12GB + 256GB version is priced at EUR 499 (roughly Rs. 45,000). It is available in Neon Pink and Twisted Black colourways. HMD Skyline specifications The dual SIM (Nano+eSIM) HMD Skyline runs on Android 14 and is confirmed to get OS updates for two years and security updates for three years. It features a 6.55-inch full-HD+ (1,080 x 2,400 pixels) pOLED display with a 20:9 aspect ratio, 144Hz refresh rate, and up to 1000nits peak brightness. The screen has Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection as well. It runs on Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 chipset alongside up to 12GB RAM and up to 256GB storage. The available storage can be expanded up to 1TB using a microSD card. Nokia 3210 Makes a Comeback in India With YouTube, UPI Apps For optics, the HMD Skyline has a triple rear camera setup comprising a 108-megapixel main camera with OIS and AF alongside a 13-megapixel ultra-wide camera and a 50-megapixel sensor. On the front, it carries a 50-megapixel selfie camera. The HMD Skyline has a side-mounted fingerprint sensor and supports a face unlock feature. It packs stereo speakers and two microphones. The handset has an IP54-rated build as well. Connectivity options on the phone include Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.2, GPS/A-GPS, Galileo, GLONASS, BDS, USB Type-C port, and NFC. It has a repairable design and HMD is calling it Gen 2 repairability which allows users to remove the screws and replace the screen easily with iFixit's self-repair kits. Further, it is said to offer a Detox Mode soon by limiting notifications and access to social networks. HMD’s First Smartphone in India Could Be Revealed on This Date HMD has packed a 4,600mAh battery with 33W wired charging on the new Skyline. The battery supports 15W magnetic wireless charging and 5W reverse wireless charging. The Qi2-certified battery is said to deliver up to 48 hours of battery life on a single charge. 




title = "Boat Nirvana Space TWS Earphones With 360-Degree Spatial Audio Support Launched in India" ,  Boat Nirvana Space true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones were unveiled in India on Wednesday. They are equipped with diamond-like carbon (DLC) drivers and said to offer a 360-degree spatial audio experience. The earphones also get active noise cancellation (ANC) of up to 32dB and are claimed to offer a total playback time of up to 100 hours. These are also compatible with the Boat Hearables application and will be available for sale in the country soon. Notably, the company is also gearing up to launch its new fitness-tracking wearables — the Boat Smart Ring Active on July 20. Boat Nirvana Space price in India, availability The Boat Nirvana Space is priced in India at Rs. 1,999 and will be available for purchase exclusively on Amazon during the upcoming Prime Days sale on July 20 and July 21. They are also listed on the company's website. These TWS earphones are offered in two colourways — Celestial White and Cosmic Black Boat Nirvana Space specifications, features Boat Nirvana Space are equipped with diamond-like carbon (DLC) drivers that are said to offer a clear audio experience. They also come with AI-backed environmental noise cancellation-supported quad mics. The earphones support up to 32dB of active noise cancellation (ANC) and feature an Ambient Mode. They also support 360-degree spatial audio backed by AMI Technologies. Boat Airdopes 800 Review The newly launched TWS earphones are compatible with the Boat Hearables app and feature in-ear detection, which automatically plays or pauses music when the earbuds are inserted or removed. The app also offers access to an adaptive equaliser. These earphones are claimed to offer a 60ms low latency Beast Mode as well. Boat Smart Ring Active India Launch Date, Design, Price, Features Revealed


Boat Lunar Oasis With Bluetooth Calling, 1.43-Inch Display Debuts in India The Boat Nirvana Space are claimed to offer a playback time of up to 100 hours including the charging case. Charging the earphones for 15 minutes is said to offer battery life of up to four hours. The earphones also support multi-point connectivity which allows the earphones to be connected to two electronic devices simultaneously.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 7 Could Be as Thin as Galaxy S24, Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim to Launch Later This Year: Report" ,  Samsung's Galaxy Z Fold 6 launched just last week but there have already been rumours about what could be in store for the next-generation book-style foldable from the South Korean giant. As the competition in foldable smartphone spaces continues to intensify Samsung is reportedly gearing up to make its Galaxy Z Fold 7 and Galaxy Z Flip 7 as thin as its Galaxy S series slab-style phones. The South Korean brand is said to be working on an extra slim foldable smartphone. The purported Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim model could go official by the end of this year. Samsung's next foldable could be as thin as Galaxy S series A report by KED Global, citing industry sources, claims that Samsung Electronics President and Head of MX Business TM Roh asked Samsung engineers to develop an extra slim foldable smartphone similar to the Galaxy S24. The latter has a 7.7mm thin profile. The MX division is said to be working to reduce the weight of the next foldable to below 239 grams. Beyond the slim profile, Samsung's next foldable phone, Galaxy Z Fold 7, is expected to feature an 8-inch primary screen. This would be a notable upgrade over Galaxy Z Fold 6's 7.6-inch cover display. The report further claims that Samsung is likely to release a Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim model with 10mm thickness by the end of this year. This might allow the brand to make succeeding models thinner in the coming years. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Series Debuts With New Design, ANC, IP57 Rating The Galaxy Z Fold 6, announced last week in Paris, measures 12.1mm in thickness while folded and weighs 239 grams. Last year's Galaxy Z Fold 5 came with a 13.4mm thick profile when unfolded and 253 grams weight. As the latest foldable phones from Motorola, Honor, and Vivo are going on sale in markets outside China, there seems to be increasing pressure on Samsung to make a better effort for its foldables. Xiaomi recently confirmed that the Mix Fold 4 will come with 9.47mm thickness and 226 grams weight. This would make the phone significantly thinner and lighter than Samsung's Galaxy Z Fold 6. Similarly, Honor's new Magic V3 measures 9.3mm in thickness and a weight of 230 grams.  Samsung Galaxy Ring With Up to 7 Days Battery Life Launched in Nine Sizes  




title = "Google Pixel Watch 3 Price and Colour Variants Leaked Ahead of Anticipated Launch" ,  Google Pixel Watch 3 may arrive in global markets soon, and several leaked details about the next generation of smartwatches have surfaced online over the past few weeks. It may be unveiled at the upcoming Made by Google event on August 13, where the Pixel 9 series of smartphones are also expected to be introduced. While the company has yet to reveal any information, the Pixel Watch 3 price and all its expected size, connectivity, and colour variants have now been leaked. Google Pixel Watch 3 Price, Colour Options (Leaked) Google Pixel Watch 3 (41mm) price in Europe will start at EUR 399 (roughly Rs. 36,500) for the Wi-Fi variant, while the cellular option will be priced at EUR 499 (roughly Rs. 45,600), according to a Dealabs report. The larger 45mm option of the Google Pixel Watch 3 is said to go on sale in European countries at EUR 449 (roughly Rs. 41,100) and EUR 549 (roughly Rs. 50,200) for the Wi-Fi and cellular variants, respectively. Google's Pixel Watch May Get Find My Device Network Support Soon All Google Pixel Watch 3 variants across all sizes are expected to support Bluetooth connectivity. The publication states that the 41mm option will likely be offered in Hazel, Obsidian, Pink and Porcelain colourways, while the 45mm version will come in Hazel, Obsidian and Porcelain shades. Google Pixel Watch 3 Specifications (Rumoured) Previous leaks of the Google Pixel Watch 3 have claimed that it may sport a display with a peak brightness of 2,000 nits. While the 41mm option could have 408 x 408 pixels resolution, the 45mm variant may come with 456 x 456 pixels resolution. The watch may also sport thinner bezels than the existing model. Google Pixel Watch 3 Tipped to Offer These Upgrades Over Pixel Watch 2


Google's Pixel Watch 3 XL May Look Like This Previous-Gen Smartwatch The Google Pixel Watch 3 could be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon W5 SoC paired with an ultra-wideband (UWB) chipset. The latter is expected to help in navigation and assist the Find My Device feature to locate devices more accurately. The 41mm and 45mm variants are also expected to carry 310mAh and 420mAh batteries, respectively. 




title = "Dyson OnTrac Headphones With Customisable Ear Cushions, Up to 50 Hours of Battery Life Launched" ,  Dyson OnTrac headphones were launched globally on Thursday, and the latest audio solution from the company is equipped with features such as active noise cancellation (ANC), pivoting gimbal arms and up to 50 hours of battery life. They also come with customisable ear cushions and outer caps, in multiple finishes and colourways, enabling the wearer to personalise them. Notably, these are only Dyson's second offering in the headphones category, following the launch of the Dyson Zone headphones with an in-built air purifier in December 2022. Dyson OnTrac Headphones Price Dyson OnTrac price is set at $499.99 (roughly Rs. 42,000). They are available for purchase via the company's website in four colourways — Ceramic Cinnabar, CNC Aluminium, CNC Black/Nickel, and CNC Copper. Although the headphones are not on sale in India at the moment, the company says they will be “available soon”.  Dyson OnTrac Headphones ColourwaysPhoto Credit: Dyson  According to Dyson, the outer cups can be purchased as a set and are available in ceramic and anodised aluminium finishes. The ear cushions, along with the outer cups can be purchased in seven colourways and finishes, at $49.99 (roughly Rs. 4,000) each. OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro With Up to 44 Hours Battery Life Launched in India Dyson OnTrac Headphones Specifications Dyson OnTrac headphones are equipped with 40mm neodymium drivers that can produce sound in frequencies between 6Hz and 21KHz. It offers ANC support relying on eight microphones to cancel up to 40dB of background noise. Dyson says users can simply tap on the earcups to toggle ANC mode. The headphones can be paired with the MyDyson app to unlock additional sound customisation options. The app enables tracking of in-ear and external volume and alerts the wearer if it reaches harmful levels. It also allows them to switch between three sound EQ modes: Bass Boost, Neutral and Enhanced. Apple HomePod Mini Introduced in New Midnight Colour Option in India


Sennheiser Momentum Sport With Adaptive ANC Launched in India: See Price Dyson OnTrac headphones feature head-detection technology which uses capacitive sensors to determine when the earcups are removed and pause the audio. They are backed by a lithium-ion battery which is placed inside the right and left cushions on the headband. Dyson promises up to 55 hours of battery life with ANC turned on. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "TinyPod Is an Apple Watch Case That Adds a Scroll Wheel to Offer iPod-Like Experience: Features, Price" ,  TinyPod is the latest entry into the world of utility-centric accessories for Apple devices that not only add more functionality but also offer something unique. The new accessory for the Apple Watch, dubbed TinyPod, aims to turn the Apple Watch into an iPod hybrid device, complete with a scroll wheel. It is also offered in a more minimalist variant called TinyPod Lite which comes without the physical scroll wheel. TinyPod Apple Watch Case Price TinPod is offered in two variants: a Standard and a Lite version. The standard TinyPod is priced at $79.99 (roughly Rs. 6,700) in the US for the 40/41mm and 44/45mm Apple Watch variants, while the Apple Watch Ultra-compatible case costs $89.99 (roughly Rs. 7,600) On the other hand, the TinyPod Lite is a lot cheaper but it does not bring the scroll wheel. For the 40/41mm Apple Watch, the TinyPod Lite is priced at $29.99 (roughly Rs. 2,500). The Apple Watch Ultra case costs $39.99 (roughly Rs. 3,300). Apple Said to Be Working on Cheaper Apple Watch SE Model Made of Plastic The company says it will start shipping all variants of the TinyPod Lite and the 40/41mm TinyPod variant this summer, while the other variants will be shipped later this year. It is currently available for purchase in select countries including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, the UK, and the US. However, it has not been introduced in India. TinyPod Apple Watch Case Features TinyPod comes with a physical scroll wheel that uses the rotating crown on the Apple Watch to let the user navigate through the operating system (OS). Since it is simply a case for the Apple Watch, it takes all its functionalities and packages it into an iPod Classic-esque device. It is dubbed as “your phone away from phone". According to the company, TinyPod can help users curb their phone and social media habits by allowing them to leave their smartphone at home and take the Apple Watch inside the TinyPod case instead. Users with the cellular variant of the smartwatch can make calls, respond to text messages and do more, without requiring the handset. Apple Watch to Gain Automatic Sleep Tracking Support With watchOS 11 It retains all the capabilities of the Apple Watch, including Apple Pay and Name Drop. furthermore, the smartwatch can still be charged using Apple's original magnetic charging cable. TinyPod says its case can offer more mileage out of the Apple Watch due to it not using the wrist detection feature. Apple Watch Series 10 CAD Renders Tip Large Display For those who don't like the scroll wheel, TinyPod Lite is offered as a more minimalist option and at a much lower price. It brings all the functionalities of the more expensive TinyPod case but without the physical scroll wheel. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Nothing Phone 2a Plus Will Be Launched Later This Month, Company Confirms" ,  After launching the Nothing Phone 2a and a Special Edition model in India, Nothing has announced a "Plus" variant of the smartphone, set to join the lineup soon. The Nothing Phone 2a Plus will be launched July 31, the UK-based company confirmed Thursday. The smartphone maker announced the handset via a cryptic post on social media but did not share any details about it. It is believed that the device might arrive with higher specifications compared to the Nothing Phone 2a. Notably, the smartphone was previously spotted on the Telecommunications and Digital Government Regulatory Authority (TDRA) and the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) certification listings. Nothing Phone 2a Plus Launch Confirmed In a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), the official handle of the company announced the Nothing Phone 2a Plus and revealed that it will arrive on July 31. The announcement was accompanied by a cryptic image of a black surface with groves all across the body. The company did not share any details about the specifications of the smartphone. The Nothing India account on X also shared the same post without the date. While this confirms that the smartphone will be launched in India, it is possible that it might make its debut at a later date. Plus. More. Extra.Get ready for Phone (2a) Plus on 31 July. pic.twitter.com/AP7JEy8D94— Nothing (@nothing) July 18, 2024 This is not the first time the company has teased the smartphone. On Monday, the social media handles of the smartphone brand posted a picture of the Pokémon Mega Aerodactyl, which is something it has been doing before the launch of a new smartphone. That post was followed by another cryptic post with the plus (+) icon, hinting at the Nothing Phone 2a Plus. Tipster and YouTuber Mukul Sharma also shared a post earlier today highlighting that the Nothing Phone 2a Plus was spotted on the TDRA and BIS certification listings. The smartphone was listed with the model name A142P on both portals. Interestingly, in a now-deleted comment on the announcement post, Nothing replied with “nope” when a user asked if this was going to be the community edition phone. CMF Phone 1 With Customisable Rear Panel, Dimensity 7300 Launched in India The company launched the Nothing Phone 2a in India in March. The phone features a 6.7-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,412 pixels) AMOLED display with an adaptive refresh rate ranging from 30Hz to 120Hz. Under the hood, it is equipped with the MediaTek Dimensity 7200 Pro chipset paired with up to 12GB of RAM. CMF Buds Pro 2 With Up to 43 Hours Battery Life Launched in India: Price


CMF Watch Pro 2 With Interchangeable Bezels Launched in India: See Price For optics, the smartphone sports a dual rear camera setup with a 50-megapixel primary camera and a 50-megapixel ultra-wide-angle sensor. On the front, it has a 32-megapixel front camera for selfies and video calling. The Nothing Phone 2a is backed by a 5,000mAh battery along with 45W wired fast charging. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Crypto Trading Volumes on Centralised Exchanges Reportedly Falling Due to Market Volatility" ,  Centralised exchanges around the world are witnessing an ongoing decline in crypto trading volumes in the last three months. As per information shared by data provider CCData, June saw a monthly decline of 21.8 percent in trading volumes of digital assets. Several macro-economic factors, including the recent slump in Bitcoin's price, launch of ETFs, and the selling pressure from Germany's BTC offloading, have emerged as contributors that lowered trading volumes of cryptocurrencies. Crypto trading volumes have been declining since April, according to data. Across all centralised exchanges, the volume of crypto trading fell by a sharp 53 percent between March and June this year. In June, the trading volume was $4.2 trillion (roughly Rs. 3,51,20,631 crore) whereas back in March, the figure stood at $9 trillion (roughly Rs. 7,52,58,495 crore). “Open interest on derivatives exchanges declined by 9.67 percent to $47.11 billion (roughly Rs. 3,93,026 crore), following a series of liquidations triggered by a significant drop in cryptocurrency prices observed in June and continuing into July. In June, the total futures trading volume on CME experienced a notable decline, dropping by 11.5 percent to $103 billon (roughly Rs. 8,61,313 crore),” CCData said in its latest report. As per CCData, Bybit, Bitget, and HTX achieved the largest rise in market share, by 2.01 percent, 1.74 percent, and 1.43 percent, respectively. WazirX Confirms Security Breach With $234.9 Million Said to Be at Stake Recent Market Challenges Affecting the Crypto Market The crypto market saw a rise in selling pressure over the past few weeks. One of the reasons for this phenomenon was because Germany reportedly offloaded BTC worth $2.3 billion in the market. In addition, defunct Japanese exchange Mt. Gox also reportedly started moving notable amounts of BTC into internal wallets which could be part of its plan to repay its users who logged financial losses when the exchange was hacked in 2014. These two factors resulted in a lack of buying crypto assets among investors, which lowered Bitcoin's pricing multiple times, consequently reducing the values of other altcoins. Cryptocurrencies rose value in May, around the time that the US approved spot ETFs for Ether. The impact of this decision, however, cooled off in June. Around the second week of June, BTC was trading at $68,049 (roughly Rs. 56.8 lakh) on foreign exchanges. By June 28, the price of BTC had fallen to $61,637 (roughly Rs. 51.4 lakh). Visa Partners Wirex to Offer Crypto Payment Services to Merchants Globally At the time, the televised debate of US presidential candidates had skipped the mention of crypto in their speeches, that had led to market volatility. These factors may have played a vital role in lowering crypto trading volumes on exchanges. Bitcoin is currently trading at $64,910 (roughly Rs. 54.2 lakh) and the overall market cap of the crypto sector has come to $2.37 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,98,22,732 crore), as per CoinMarketCap data. In conversation with Gadgets360, executives from the crypto industry shared more observations that may have caused a decline in crypto trading volumes. Ritwik Dyarakoti, head of growth at Hong Kong-based Koin Network said that, “a lot of the whales have shifted to engage with crypto through ETFs for security and convenience, that has cost centralised exchanges their userbase.” He further noted that an uncertain regulatory environment and recent lawsuits on exchanges like Binance, Coinbase and the collapse of FTX all add to the fact that investors are not using centralised exchanges heavily. Srijan R Shetty, the co-founder of OTC crypto trading platform Fuze, highlighted that investors are starting to prefer crypto trading through other means because centralised exchanges are constantly under legal scanners in several parts of the world, causing operational roadblocks. “Sophisticated investors now prefer to trade in blocks at OTC desks with minimal price impact mirroring traditional finance markets,” Shetty said. Another rather interesting observation shared by Shetty said meme-coin enthusiasts are also moving out of the centralised exchange ecosystems. “Speculators who are interested in meme coins are flocking to decentralised exchanges because that is where all the early price action is,” the Fuze co-founder noted. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Designer App, the AI-Powered Image Generator Platform Is Now Available For All Users" ,  Microsoft Designer app, which was so far only available in preview, was released globally on Wednesday. The app is available across Android and iOS mobile platforms and on Windows desktops and is free to download and install. The Designer platform was first announced last year and has been available on the Web and via the Microsoft Edge browser for a few months. On the Web, it can be found within the Copilot platform. Interestingly, the tech giant has decided to keep the app separate from the Copilot app for Android and iOS. Microsoft Designer App Released Globally The company announced the launch of the app in a blog post and said, “Today we're announcing that the Microsoft Designer app is now generally available with a personal Microsoft account, with new features that help you create and edit like never before.” Users will require a personal Microsoft account to use the Designer app. The Microsoft Designer app is an artificial intelligence (AI) image generator that works slightly differently than standard text-to-image generators. It is powered by OpenAI's Dall-E model. The app can create images, social posts, invitations, stickers, wallpapers, avatars, and more. Users can pick what they want to generate from the options on the home screen and type a text prompt for what they want to generate. Detective Dotson Will Feature Dynamic Split-Screen Co-Op on Xbox Series S/X Alternatively, they can also pick from several templates that create the framework for the image. Users will then only have to fill in the blanks to tell the AI what needs to be created. The second method is useful for those who need some inspiration to get started. Apart from image generation, the app also uses AI to edit all images. Currently, the two available editing tools include remove background and blur background. Microsoft Surface Laptop 7, Surface Pro 11 Launched in India: Details


Xbox Game Pass Prices Are Getting Another Hike The free users of the app will get 15 credits per day to generate images where each image consumes one credit, unless the prompt is too complex. Per generation, users will get four variations of the image. To generate more images, users will require the Copilot Pro subscription. In India, the Copilot Pro subscription is priced at Rs. 2,000 a month per user. It also includes Copilot access in Microsoft Office apps. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Amazon Prime Day 2024 Sale to Bring Discounts on OnePlus 12, MacBook Air M1, iPhone 13 and More" ,  Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale is nearly here and the e-commerce website's annual sale for paying subscribers will take place on July 20 and July 21, bringing discounts on several consumer electronics and gadgets. During the upcoming sale event, customers will be able to avail of big discounts, offers and deals on products from a wide range of manufacturers, including (but not limited to) Apple, OnePlus, Sony, and Samsung. They can also club these discounts with an instant discount on bank credit and debit card transactions. When the upcoming Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale begins on July 20, customers will be able to purchase the OnePlus 12, MacBook Air with an M1 chip, and the Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 which are set to become much cheaper, compared to their launch price in India.  Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale discounts on smartphonesPhoto Credit: Screenshot/ Amazon India  Devices like the Honor Pad 9 will also be available at a lower price, according to the e-commerce platform. Amazon will also offer a 10 percent instant discount on ICICI Bank SBI credit card transactions during the two-day sale event. Amazon Prime Day 2024 Sale Deals on Echo, Fire TV Stick and More


Amazon Prime Day 2024 Discounts Revealed Ahead of Sale: Check Top Deals


Amazon Launches Alexa-Powered Echo Spot With a New Display Design It's worth noting that the sale prices of the products listed in the table below for your reference are "effective prices", which means they are inclusive of the previously mentioned bank offers. Product Name MRP Sale Price     OnePlus 12 Rs. 64,999 Rs. 52,999   MacBook Air M1 Rs. 92,900 Rs. 66,990   Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Rs. 37,999 Rs. 8,999   Honor Pad 9 Rs. 34,999 Rs. 22,999     iPhone 13 Rs. 59,900 Rs. 47,999   iQoo Neo 9 Pro Rs. 39,999 Rs. 29,999   Samsung Galaxy Tab S9 FE Rs. 44,999 Rs. 20,990 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WazirX Hit With Security Breach With $234.9 Million Said to Be at Stake; Withdrawals, Deposits Halted" ,  WazirX crypto exchange confirmed Thursday that one of its multi-signature wallets had suffered a security breach. The Indian exchange was first informed about a possible breach by security firm Cyvers Alerts through a post on X. Cyvers, in its post, noted that a sum of $234.9 million (roughly Rs. 1,965 crore) was suspiciously moved from the exchange to a new address linked to the controversial crypto mixer platform, Tornado Cash. In an official statement addressing the incident, WazirX said: “We're aware that one of our multisig wallets has experienced a security breach. Our team is actively investigating the incident.” For now, WazirX has suspended all withdrawal and deposit services on its platform. As per Cyvers, the address to which funds from WazirX were moved has already managed to swap PEPE, GALA, and USDT tokens to Ether. In a screenshot shared by the security firm, the malicious actor moved the hefty amount through three transactions, with exploit level showing as ‘critical' on Cyvers' software. How AppChains Could Transform Web3 and Blockchain Technology :rotating_light:ALERT:rotating_light:Hey @WazirXIndia, Our system has detected multiple suspicious transactions involving your Safe Multisig wallet on the #ETH network.A total of $234.9M of your funds have been moved to a new address. Each transaction's caller is funded by @TornadoCash.The suspicious… pic.twitter.com/4sajAwd4Hb— :rotating_light: Cyvers Alerts :rotating_light: (@CyversAlerts) July 18, 2024 Gadgets360 reached out to Cyvers to understand more about the breach and is yet to receive an explanation on how a multi-sig wallet became the hotspot for this attack in the first place. Multi-signature wallets require two or more private keys (signatures) from different co-signers to authorise a transaction. WazirX has not yet commented on the safety of user funds saved on the platform despite several users asking about the same under the exchange's situation update on X. The crypto exchange is also yet to confirm the amount claimed to have been moved from its platform to the suspicious address. Why the Web3 Industry Is Asking the RBI to Define Crypto-Banking Relations “Thank you for your patience and understanding. We'll keep you posted with further updates,” the platform noted. User's funds are safe??— Zia ul Haque (@ImZiaulHaque) July 18, 2024 As per its blog, WazirX has a userbase of over 16 million. Earlier in June 2024, the exchange had published its latest proof-of-reserve that showed its total holdings valued at Rs. 4,203 crore. The report, at the time, had claimed that WazirX maintained a reserve-to-liabilities ratio exceeding 1:1 to meet withdrawal demands even in unforeseen circumstances .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi Reclaims Top Spot as Smartphone Manufacturer in India in Q2 2024: Canalys" ,  Smartphone shipments in India grew by only one percent in the second quarter (April-June) of 2024 on a year-on-year (YoY) basis, according to a report by a technology market analyst firm. The report suggests that the slight growth is a result of a number of different factors, including national elections, lower seasonal demand and extreme weather conditions in some areas. Among the top brands with the largest market share in the quarter were Xiaomi and Vivo. Notably, estimates for Xiaomi in this report include data from Poco, the company's sub-brand, while estimates for Oppo exclude OnePlus. Indian Smartphone Market Q2 2024 Growth A report by market analyst firm Canalys claims that the total number of smartphone units shipped in India in Q2 2024 was 36.4 million, which is marginally more than the 36.1 million units shipped in Q2 2023. The report shows that Xiaomi and Vivo each shipped 6.7 million units and had an 18 percent market share each. Samsung followed closely at 17 percent with 6.1 million units shipped, while Realme and Oppo shipped 4.3 million and 4.2 million units each, with 12 and 11 percent market share, respectively. Contributing to Xiaomi and Vivo's larger market share were the Redmi Note 13 Pro series, and the Xiaomi 14 Civi, alongside Vivo's V-series and the Vivo Y200 Pro, the report added. The small yearly growth in the quarter is attributed to the national general elections, extreme weather, fluctuating demand and slow migration from feature phones to smartphones. The report also claimed that another element is the growing trend of adopting second-hand smartphones Indian Smartphone Market H2 2024 Outlook The report also suggested that most brands will look forward to clearing their inventory with monsoon e-commerce sales to prepare for upcoming newer launches. It also claimed that buyers are expected to upgrade to higher-end phones with better features and innovations in the coming months. Most customers are expected to focus on 5G connectivity and generative AI support on their smartphones, according to the report. The firm expects "mid-single-digit growth in both the upcoming festive season and overall shipments" in the rest of 2024. 




title = "Honor Magic 6 Pro Allegedly Appears on BIS Website, Hinting at Imminent India Launch" ,  Honor Magic 6 Pro might launch soon in India — nearly seven months after its debut in China. Honor is yet to confirm the arrival of new Magic series phone to the country, but ahead of it, the handset has allegedly been spotted on the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) website, indicating a forthcoming release in India. The Chinese variant of Honor Magic 6 Pro runs on a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. It features a triple rear camera setup led by a 180-megapixel shooter. As reported by TheTechOutlook, an Honor smartphone has appeared on the BIS website with model number BVL-N49. The listing does not reveal the moniker or any specifications of the handset, but this model number is associated with the Honor Magic 6 Pro model that has been up for sale in China since January this year. Screenshots shared by the publication indicate that the BIS certification was granted on July 10. This development suggests that it might soon come to the Indian market. The Honor Magic 6 Pro earlier appeared on Amazon India website, with the listing revealing its design, RAM, storage options and other specifications. The Indian variant of the phone is likely to carry similar features as its Chinese counterpart. Meanwhile, Honor Mauritius has posted a teaser on its social media handle confirming that it will be soon launched in the country. Honor 200 5G, Honor 200 Pro 5G With 50-Megapixel Cameras Launched in India Honor Magic 6 Pro price, specifications Price of Honor Magic 6 Pro starts at CNY 5,699 (roughly Rs. 65,000) for the base 12GB RAM + 256GB model and it goes up to CNY 6,699 (roughly Rs. 77,000) for the 16GB RAM + 1TB version. The Honor Magic 6 Pro runs on MagicOS 8.0 skin based on Android 14 and has a 6.8-inch full-HD+ (1,280x2,800 pixels) OLED display with an adaptive refresh rate ranging from 1Hz to 120Hz. It is powered by Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. The triple rear camera setup of the device includes a 180-megapixel 2.5x periscope camera, a 50-megapixel wide-angle camera and a 50-megapixel ultra-wide-angle camera. On the front, it has a 50-megapixel wide-angle camera. Honor Magic V3 Powered by Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC Debuts in China Honor Magic 6 Pro model is backed by a 5,600mAh battery and has an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance. 




title = "Apple Claims OpenELM Does Not Power Apple Intelligence Following YouTube Video Data Controversy: Report" ,  Apple has reportedly claimed that the Open-source Efficient Language Models (OpenELM) AI model it released recently was not used for its Apple Intelligence or any of the company's machine learning features. The Cupertino-based tech giant open-sourced the OpenELM model in April. The reported statement comes just days after an investigation found that the AI model was trained on datasets that contained subtitles from hundreds of thousands of YouTube videos. Notably, these datasets were also used to train AI models of Anthropic, Salesforce, Nvidia, and more. Apple Reportedly Denies Using OpenELM for Apple Intelligence Speaking with 9to5Mac, the iPhone maker said that OpenELM does not power either of its AI features under the Apple Intelligence branding or other machine learning features. The company also added that OpenELM was created as a contribution to the research community to help them advance the development of large language models, as per the report. Since the AI model was designed for research purposes, it was not used for any of the in-house AI innovations of Apple, the company told the publication. Notably, OpenELM is still open-sourced, and the model weights can be accessed from the company's Hugging Face listing. Apple Postpones Plans for Thinner iPhone Models: Ming-Chi Kuo At the time of release, Apple made the OpenELM family of AI models available in two variants — pre-trained and instruction. These models are further separated into different parameters of 270 million, 450 million, 1.1 billion, and 3 billion. AI Models Trained on YouTube Data A recent investigation accused Apple's OpenELM and multiple other AI models by major AI firms of using subtitles data from YouTube videos for training. The report found that companies such as Anthropic, Salesforce, Nvidia, and others used a publicly available data repository called the Pile, which contained data from YouTube videos of major content creators such as Marques Brownlee, MrBeast, CarryMinati, and more. Apple's Latest Patent Describes Technology to 'Rank' Public Wi-Fi Networks


Apple Could Introduce iPhone 16 Pro in a New Rose Colourway While Apple denied the usage of the AI model in its devices and operating systems, Anthropic's spokesperson Jennifer Martinez told Proof News, the publication that conducted the investigation, “The Pile includes a very small subset of YouTube subtitles. YouTube's terms cover direct use of its platform, which is distinct from use of the Pile dataset. On the point about potential violations of YouTube's terms of service, we'd have to refer you to the Pile authors.” .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Maps Live Activities With ETA, Directions Reportedly Rolling Out to More Users" ,  Google Maps is slowly expanding support for Live Activities on iOS, allowing users to access more information about their travel information at a glance. The search giant had previously confirmed the feature was coming to the iOS version of its navigation app, but it is yet to roll out to all users. Apple introduced support for Live Activities in 2022 with iOS 16, and third-party applications have gradually added support for the feature that displays useful information (such as a countdown or progress bar) on the lock screen and around the Dynamic Island on supported iPhone models. 9to5Google reports that several users on iOS have gained access to Live Activities while using Google Maps over the past two months. Screenshots submitted by users also suggest that the feature is available in multiple regions and languages — including India. Support for the iOS feature appears to be rolling out to more users after it was first tested earlier this year, according to the publication. Once the feature is available on Google Maps for iOS, users will see Live Activities on the Lock Screen or Dynamic Island, when they start navigation on their iPhone. It will display the next direction, a horizontal progress bar, and the ETA for the destination. Google Maps Update Begins Rolling Out to Users With This Redesigned Layout It's worth noting that the rollout isn't widespread at the moment, and there's no word from Google on when it plans to expand support for Live Activities on Google Maps to all users on iOS. Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to access Live Activities on the latest version of iOS as well as the latest version of Google Maps from the App Store. Google Maps Could Make Travelling to Same Destination Easier for Groups


Google Maps to Show EV Charging Stations, Public Transport Options Soon


Google Maps Getting Three New Features to Help Users Plan Their Travels While Google is still testing support for the iOS feature for its navigation app, other third-party apps have already added support for Live Activities to their apps. These include Uber, Zomato, Swiggy, FotMob, Gentler Streak, Forest, and Lumy. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Will Reportedly Launch a ‘Slimmer’ Galaxy Z Fold 6 in October in Limited Countries" ,  Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 made its global debut on July 10 at the Galaxy Unpacked event. However, if a recent report is to go by, this may not be the end of Samsung's foldable smartphone unveilings this year. The South Korean technology conglomerate is reportedly developing a new variant of the Galaxy Z Fold 6, which may either be a ‘Slim' or an ‘Ultra' variant and could bring several upgrades over the recently launched handset. New Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Samsung's new version of the Galaxy Z Fold 6 is said to be dubbed “Q6A”, according to a report by Allround-PC. It is speculated to have a thinner design and larger displays. If it turns out to be an ‘Ultra' variant, the smartphone could also reportedly offer camera upgrades. In anticipation of its launch, the tech company is speculated to be testing software for a smartphone with the model number “SM-F958N”. However, there is a catch. As per the report, Samsung is planning to launch the new Galaxy Z Fold 6 variant in just two markets: China and South Korea. It is still being determined if it will be introduced in other regions too. Due to its limited launch, the smartphone's production numbers may be limited, with only 4 to 5 lakh units being anticipated. There is no information on whether it will offer similar specifications to the existing Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, which is the company's flagship foldable device. Samsung Galaxy M35 5G With 6,000mAh Battery Launched in India: See Price The report suggests this smartphone may be launched in October. If it comes to fruition, its launch could coincide with the introduction of the Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 series, which is also expected to come in the same month. It would reportedly include just two models this year: Samsung Galaxy Tab S10+ and Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra, with the tech giant reportedly skipping the standard model. Samsung, Apple Lead Global Smartphone Shipments in Q2 2024: IDC


Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra May Get Major Changes to Its Design The October event could also see Samsung unveil its first-ever extended reality (XR) headset, although it is speculated to be only available to developers initially, with a public launch likely to take place in 2025. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Honor 200 5G, Honor 200 Pro 5G With 50-Megapixel Telephoto Cameras Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Honor 200 5G and Honor 200 Pro 5G were launched in India on Thursday. They are both equipped with a 50-megapixel triple rear camera setup and run on Android 14-based MagicOS 8.0. The phones are also backed by a 5,200mAh battery with support for 100W wired fast charging. The Pro model also features a dual front camera module and offers support for wireless charging. Both handsets were initially unveiled in China in May and introduced in global markets last month, alongside a cheaper Honor 200 Lite model. Honor 200 5G, Honor 200 Pro 5G Price in India, Availability Honor 200 5G price in India starts at Rs. 34,999 for the 8GB + 256GB option, while the 12GB + 512GB variant costs Rs. 39,999. The Honor 200 Pro 5G, on the other hand, is priced at Rs. 57,999 for the sole 12GB + 512GB option. The standard model comes in Black and Moonlight White colourways, while the Honor 200 Pro 5G is offered in Black and Ocean Cyan shades. The phones will be available for sale in the country starting July 20 at 12am (midnight) IST via the company's website, Amazon and select offline retail stores. Honor 200 Series With 50-Megapixel Front Cameras Launched: See Price The company also announced special offers on the purchase of the Honor 200 5G series handsets during the Amazon Prime Day Sale on July 20 and July 21. During this time, customers using ICICI or SBI credit cards can avail of Rs. 3,000 discounts. Buyers may also be eligible for some other conditional offers including up to Rs. 8,000 instant discount and free Honor accessories of up to Rs. 8,499. Honor 200 5G, Honor 200 Pro 5G Specifications, Features The Honor 200 5G sports a 6.7-inch full-HD+ OLED curved display with a 120Hz refresh rate and 4,000 nits peak brightness, while the Honor 200 Pro 5G features a slightly larger 6.78-inch screen. The base version is powered by a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC from Qualcomm and the Pro variant has a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset. They also run Android 14-based MagicOS 8.0 out-of-the-box. For optics, both the Honor 200 5G and Honor 200 Pro 5G are equipped with a 50-megapixel primary rear camera, alongside a 12-megapixel sensor with an ultra-wide angle lens, and a 50-megapixel telephoto shooter. The vanilla model is equipped with a Sony IMX906 main sensor while the Pro model carries a H9000 primary sensor. The front cameras of the smartphones have 50-megapixel sensors. The Pro variant has an additional 3D depth camera alongside the selfie camera. Honor 200, Honor 200 Pro Launched Globally Alongside Honor 200 Lite


Honor Magic V3 Powered by Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC Debuts in China The Honor 200 5G series handsets are both backed by a 5,200mAh battery with support for 100W fast charging. The Honor 200 Pro 5G also supports 66W wireless as well as reverse wireless charging. Connectivity options of the phones include Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.3, USB Type-C and more, according to the company. 




title = "Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G Goes on Sale in India for the First Time Today: Price, Specifications, Launch Offers" ,  Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G is set to go on sale in India today (July 18). The new Reno series phone was launched in the country last week alongside the vanilla Oppo Reno 12 5G. It comes with an AMOLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate, triple rear cameras and several AI-integrated functionalities. The Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G runs on MediaTek Dimensity 7300-Energy chipset alongside 12GB of RAM. It competes against the likes of the Realme GT 6T, iQoo Neo 9 Pro, Xiaomi 14 Civi and Samsung Galaxy A55 in the country. Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G, price in India, launch offers The Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G (Review) was launched with a price tag of Rs. 36,999 for the 12GB RAM + 256GB storage version and Rs. 40,999 for the 12GB RAM + 512GB storage model. It comes in Space Brown and Sunset Gold shades. It will be available for purchase starting today through Flipkart, Oppo India website and leading retail outlets. Sale offers on the Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G include an instant cashback of up to Rs. 4,000 on purchases made using SBI, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, One Card, Kotak Bank, Bank of Baroda and DBS. There are no-cost EMI options for nine months. Customers who pre-booked the device before July 18 midnight can avail of a one-time screen replacement service for six months. Exchange offers are capped at Rs. 36,400 on Flipkart. Oppo A3 With Snapdragon 695 5G SoC, 5,000mAh Battery Debuts Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G specifications The dual-SIM (Nano) Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G runs on Android 14-based ColorOS 14.1 and boasts a 6.7-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,412 pixels) quad-curved AMOLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate. The display has HDR10+ support and is claimed to offer 1200nits peak brightness outdoors. The screen has Corning Gorilla Glass Victus 2 protection as well. It is armed with a custom octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 7300-Energy SoC with up to 12GB of LPDDR4X RAM and 512GB of UFS 3.1 onboard storage. For optics, the Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G has a triple rear camera setup including a 50-megapixel primary Sony LYT600 sensor with OIS (optical image stabilisation), an 8-megapixel Sony IMX355 ultra wide-angle camera and a 50-megapixel Samsung S5KJN5 telephoto sensor with 2x optical zoom. For selfies and video calls, there is a 50-megapixel Samsung S5KJN5 front camera. It ships with AI-integrated features and supports face unlock feature. Oppo Find X8 Series to Be Powered by This MediaTek Chipset, Tipster Claims The Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G includes an in-display fingerprint sensor for authentication and has an IP65-rated build. It houses a 5,000mAh battery with 80W SuperVOOC charging support.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo A3X 5G Tipped to Launch With Dimensity 6300 SoC, 5,100mAh Battery in July: Expected Specifications" ,  Oppo A3X 5G is expected to launch in India by the end of July in the budget segment, according to a report. The handset is reported to sport features such as a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 processor, 5,100mAh battery and up to 128GB storage. It will be the third smartphone launch by Oppo this month following the debut of the Oppo A3 (2024) on July 2 and Oppo Reno 12 series last week. Oppo A3X 5G Price in India (Expected) Oppo A3X 5G price in India is expected to start between Rs. 10,000 and Rs. 15,000, according to a 91Mobiles report. The handset could be introduced in the budget smartphone segment. Oppo A3X 5G Specifications (Expected) Oppo A3X 5G is reported to sport an LCD display with a peak brightness of 1,000 nits. Another leak suggests the screen may support a refresh rate of 120Hz. The handset could be powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC, which also powers other budget smartphones such as the iQOO Z9 Lite, Vivo T3 Lite, and Lava Blaze X. Google Pixel 9 Series Design, Battery Details Spotted Again Ahead of Debut It is said to be available in three configurations: 4GB+64GB, 4GB+128GB, and 6GB+128GB. The handset may run on ColorOS 14 based on Android 14 and pack a 5,100mAh battery with support for 45W fast charging. For durability, it is tipped to get an IP54 rating against dust and water ingress. In terms of optics, the phone could come with a single rear camera and an LED flash – placed on the top left of the smartphone. The camera system is reported to be headlined by an 8-megapixel primary camera and a flicker sensor. For selfies, the smartphone could have a 5-megapixel front camera. Vivo V40, V40 Pro With Get Zeiss Optics Cameras May Launch in India Soon


Samsung Galaxy M35 5G With 6,000mAh Battery Launched in India: See Price The report also includes an alleged image of the Oppo A3X and suggests that it may be available in three colourways: Sparkle Black, Starry Purple and Starlight White, with a textured back panel. The handset may have a flat frame with rounded corners. The image suggests it will have the power and volume buttons on the right side. It is speculated to measure 7.68mm in thickness. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iPhone 17 May Not Have a Thin Design as Apple Delays Plans to Use Space-Saving RCC Components: Report" ,  Apple was rumoured to use new resin-coated copper (RCC) components in the iPhone models to slim down their size and thickness. The revolutionary design change was said to happen with the iPhone 16 family this year but it was later deferred to the iPhone 17, which is expected to go official in 2025. Now, reputed Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has suggested that Apple has again postponed its plans to incorporate RCC components into future iPhone models. Concerns about durability and fragility are believed to be the reasons behind Apple's rumoured decision. Switch to RCC material put on hold In an X (formerly Twitter) post, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo notes that Apple has once again delayed its plans to use RCC components in its future iPhone models. “Due to the inability to meet Apple's high-quality requirements, the new iPhone 17 in 2025 will not use RCC as the PCB motherboard material,” Kuo wrote on X. Employing RCC components to replace the current copper-clad laminate (CCL) would help the Cupertino-based company reduce the size and thickness of the mainboard. It is likely to also free up space and allow the brand to pack bigger batteries in future iPhone models. Concerns over durability and fragility could be the reason for delaying the adoption of RCC technology. iPhone 16 Pro Models May Let You Top Up Their Batteries Faster Initially, Apple was rumoured to upgrade the PCB materials in its iPhone 16 lineup in 2024, but it was then reportedly pushed to the iPhone 17 series. Kuo doesn't say whether RCC components will be introduced with the iPhone 18 in 2026 or the iPhone 19 in 2027. However, Apple has not revealed any details about switching to RCC materials yet so it's better to take these latest claims with a grain of salt. iPhone 16 Pro Will Reportedly Get the Periscope Lens From Pro Max Model iPhone 17 series: What we know so far Apple's 2025 iPhone family is said to include four models — iPhone 17, iPhone 17 Slim, iPhone 17 Pro, and iPhone 17 Pro Max. The Slim model could replace the Plus variant and offer a slim design. The iPhone 17 family is expected to bring a refreshed design, front-facing camera upgrades, and a smaller Dynamic Island. The iPhone 17 Pro models are said to be powered by Apple's A19 Pro chip while regular iPhone 17 and iPhone 17 Slim could run on an A18 or A19 chip. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google's Pixel Watch Likely to Get Find My Device Network Support Soon: Report" ,  Google may soon bring a new feature to Pixel Watch owners, with reported references within the Pixel Watch app suggesting that Find My Device network support could arrive on the wearable. The tech giant launched its Find My Device network for Android devices globally in April of this year. It uses a crowdsourced network of all Android users to locate smartphones and accessories and is helpful in finding devices that are misplaced or missing. The missing item does not require an internet connection to be trackable. A new report suggests that this feature may soon be available to Pixel Watch owners. Google's Pixel Watch new Find My Device support (expected) An APK teardown of the Pixel Watch app version 2.5.0.652251118 shows a 'Find My Watch' setting, according to a 9to5Google report. The setting will reportedly allow Pixel Watch users to remotely lock, find, and even erase their watch, even if the device is offline, without any internet connection. It is expected to leverage crowdsourced networks to locate the device. The present version of the Pixel Watch app only allows users a shortcut button to open the Find My Device app. Currently, a Pixel Watch model will also need to be connected to the paired smartphone or have an active cellular network to successfully use the Find My Device feature. Google Pixel Watch 3 Spotted on FCC Ahead of Anticipated Debut Google Pixel Watch 3 specifications (expected) In related news, Google is also expected to unveil the Pixel Watch 3 soon. Earlier leaks have suggested that the next generation of smartwatches from the tech giant is expected to be available in different sizes and connectivity options. The vanilla Pixel 3 model may be available in 41mm and 45mm sizes, with both cellular and Wi-Fi variants. There might also be a larger Pixel Watch 3XL option. Google Pixel Watch 3 Tipped to Offer These Upgrades Over Pixel Watch 2


Google's Pixel Watch 3 XL May Look Like This Previous-Gen Smartwatch Like the existing Pixel Watch 2, the Pixel Watch 3 has been tipped to be backed by a Qualcomm Snapdragon W5 SoC alongside a custom co-processor. It is expected to support an ultra-wideband (UWB) chipset. The 41mm and 45mm variants are likely to get 2,000 nits displays with 408 x 408 pixels and 456 x 456 pixels resolution, respectively. The smaller version might carry a 310mAh battery, while the 45mm option can get a 420mAh cell. 




title = "Google Pixel 9 Series Including Pixel 9 Pro Fold Leaked Again; Design, Battery, Charging Details Surface Online" ,  Google Pixel 9 series — comprising the purported Google Pixel 9, the Pixel 9 Pro, the Pixel 9 Pro XL and the Pixel 9 Pro Fold — is expected to be unveiled at the company's upcoming Made by Google event scheduled for August 13. Design renders, key features, as well as possible price ranges of the purported handsets, have already been leaked over the past few weeks. Now the designs of the smartphones have surfaced online once again, this time via a certification site. The battery and charging details of the upcoming Pixel 9 lineup have also been suggested. Google Pixel 9 Series Design (Leaked) The Google Pixel 9 series was spotted on Taiwan's NCC certification site by Android Authority. Images listed on the website show the complete design of the Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold. In some of the images, the handset appears to be lying completely flat, which is an improvement over the Google Pixel Fold which cannot be opened all the way. Customers who are looking forward to Google's next foldable can also look forward to better crease control and thinner bezels on the Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold compared to the existing foldable, according to the leaked images. The inner selfie camera is seen on the top right corner of the display, while the rear camera module has been refreshed and now sports a squarish design. Google Pixel 9 Series Camera Details Leaked Ahead of Expected August Launch Meanwhile, the base and Pro Pixel 9 models are seen on the NCC listing with a visor-like camera island, similar to the Pixel 8 series handsets. The vanilla model holds two rear camera units within a pill-shaped module alongside an LED flash unit. The Pro models are seen with a triple rear camera unit and an additional temperature sensor. The publication also spotted hands-on videos of the Pixel 9 series phones on TikTok. It is similar to the size comparison videos that were leaked recently. One of the newer videos compares the size of the Pixel 9 Pro XL alongside the iPhone 14 Pro Max, while in the second one, the base Pixel 9 is compared to the vanilla Pixel 8. Google Pixel 9 series camera, battery, charging features (expected) The third video spotted by the publication shows the Camera app function of the upcoming Google Pixel 9 Pro XL. The preset zoom options visible on the screen are 0.5x (ultra-wide angle), 1x (main camera), 2x (sensor crop), and 5x (telephoto). The video also shows that the camera supports manual zoom up to 30x. More camera details of the Pixel 9 series were tipped in an earlier report. Google Pixel 9 Pro XL Spotted on REL Website Alongside Pixel 9 Pro Fold The previously mentioned NCC listing also suggested the battery and charging details of the Google Pixel 9 lineup. The base Pixel 9 and Pixel 9 Pro are expected to get a 4,558mAh battery each, while the Pixel 9 Pro XL is likely to get a 4,942mAh battery. The Pixel 9 Pro Fold may be backed by 4,560mAh worth of battery from 1,183mAh and 3,377mAh cells. Google Pixel 9 Series Prices, Colour Options, Storage Leaked The listing reportedly also showed that the Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro XL and Pixel 9 Pro Fold are expected to support about 24.12W, 25.20W, 32.67W and 20.25W wired fast charging, respectively. The advertised speed is tipped to be more than these amounts. 




title = "Vietnamese Hackers Using ‘Maorrisbot’ to Target Indians in WhatsApp e-Challan Scam: CloudSEK" ,  WhatsApp e-Challan scams are targeting users India using Maorrisbot, a new form of technical malware, according to a cybersecurity firm. This is a relatively new type of scam that is reportedly backed by a large, organised effort. So far, the malware is said to be affecting only Android devices, and no impact has been seen on iOS or other Apple devices. The scam begins like a typical phishing scam, but once the malware is deployed on the victim's device, it acts as a trojan. WhatsApp e-Challan Scams Using Maorrisbot to Target Indian Users A new CloudSEK report details how the new malware dubbed Maorrisbot is used by hackers based in Vietnam. The firm states that a highly technical Android malware campaign is currently being uses to target users in India through fake traffic e-Challan messages disseminated via WhatsApp. At the onset, the scammers impersonate the Parivahan Sewa or Karnataka Police and send messages to people asking them to pay their challan (traffic violation fine). These messages contain details of a fake e-Challan notice and a URL or an attached APK file. The scammers trick the victim into clicking the link to pay the fine, and once that is done, the Maorrisbot is gets downloaded on the device. However, the report states that it is disguised as a legitimate application, which could mislead unwary users.  The fraudulent message sent to victims by the hackersPhoto Credit: CloudSEK  After being installed, the malware begins requesting multiple permissions such as access to contacts, phone calls, SMS, and even to become the default messaging app. If the user allows these permissions, the malware begins intercepting OTPs and other sensitive messages. It can also use the data to log in to the victim's e-commerce accounts, purchase gift cards, and redeem them without leaving a trace. The cybersecurity firm also found that the scammers use proxy IP and maintain a low transaction profile to avoid detection. The researchers believe the attackers are Vietnamese based on conversations and IP location — the purported hacker's IP address was traced to Bắc Giang Province in Vietnam. CloudSEK claims that 4,451 devices are known to be compromised after installing the malware. The hackers have reportedly used 271 unique gift cards to steal more than Rs. 16 lakh from victims. Gujarat and Karnataka have been identified as the most affected region. WhatsApp Makes It Easier to Access Frequent Chats With Favourites Filter


WhatsApp Makes It Easier to Access Frequent Chats With Favourites Filter


WhatsApp May Soon Let Users Transcribe Voice Messages The security firm recommends Android users use well-known antivirus and anti-malware software, limit app permissions and regularly review them, and install apps only from trusted sources. Further, the firm also highlights monitoring suspicious SMS activity, regularly updating the device, and enabling alerts for banking and sensitive services. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Vivo V40, Vivo V40 Pro With Zeiss Optics Cameras to Launch in India Soon: Report" ,  Vivo V40 and V40 Pro may be introduced in the Indian market soon. These handsets are expected to launch in the country as the successors to the Vivo V30 and the Vivo V30 Pro, which were unveiled in the country in March. The base model has already been unveiled in select countries globally. A new report suggests that both vanilla and Pro variants of the Vivo V40 series are likely to launch in India soon. The purported Indian versions are also tipped to get Zeiss-backed cameras. Vivo V40, Vivo V40 Pro India Launch Timeline (Leaked) The Vivo V40 and the Vivo V40 Pro may launch in India in August this year, according to a MySmartPrice report that cites unnamed industry sources. Both handsets are tipped to support Zeiss Optics cameras, the report added. The phones will offer support for multifocal portraits, according to the publication. Vivo V40 Specifications The Vivo V40 has been globally unveiled with a 6.78-inch curved AMOLED screen with a 2,800 x 1,260 pixels resolution, a 120Hz refresh rate and 4,500 nits of peak brightness. It is powered by a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC paired with an Adreno 720 GPU, up to 12GB of LPDDR4X RAM and up to 512GB of UFS 2.2 onboard storage. The phone ships with Android 14-based FuntouchOS 14. Vivo V40 SE 5G With Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC, 44W Charging Listed Online For optics, the Vivo V40 comes with a dual rear camera unit with Zeiss optics, which comprises a 50-megapixel primary rear camera with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support and another 50-megapixel camera paired with an ultra-wide angle lens. The rear camera system is accompanied by an Aura light unit. The phone has a front facing 50-megapixel camera for selfies. Vivo V30, V30 Pro With 50-Megapixel Front Cameras Debut in India: See Price


Vivo V30e With 50-Megapixel Front Camera, Aura Light Debuts in India The Vivo V40 is backed by a 5,500mAh battery with support for 80W wired FlashCharge. It also supports dual-SIM, 5G, Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.4, NFC, GPS and USB Type-C connectivity. The handset has an IP68-rated build for dust and water resistance. It measures 164.16 x 74.93 x 7.58mm in size and weighs 190g.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Detective Dotson Details Co-Op Mode on Xbox Series S/X, Will Feature Dynamic Split-Screen" ,  Masala Games, the Ahmedabad-based developers of indie title Detective Dotson, has detailed cooperative play features for the game. The Indian mystery-adventure game will feature distinct levels for two-player co-op, separate from single-player cases. Co-op play will also feature a selection of characters, each with their unique abilities that benefit players in specific scenarios. Announced in March, Detective Dotson received a gameplay trailer at the Future Games Show last month and was later confirmed to launch on Xbox Series S/X consoles. Detective Dotson was confirmed to get a couch co-op mode with the Xbox announcement trailer in June. In an Xbox Wire post Monday, Masala Games CEO Shalin Shodhan expanded on how the mode would work on the Xbox Series S/X versions of the game. Co-op cases in Detective Dotson will get dedicated levels meant to be experienced by two players. These cases would come in addition to separate single-player cases and will feature a dynamic split-screen for couch co-op play. “What this means is, while you are both in the same space the screen won't break into two parts. Rather, it only does that when you and your friend are far enough apart,” Shodhan explained. Detective Dotson's co-op campaign will also let players choose their own distinct characters, who come with unique special abilities that help solve cases. Detective Dotson, a Mystery-Adventure Game Set in India, Announced  Detective Dotson will feature a dynamic split-screen in co-op modePhoto Credit: Masala Games According to the developers, the game's co-op mode was built specifically for current-gen Xbox consoles, enabled by the ID@Xbox Developer Accelerator Program (DAP) grant. Detective Dotson was first announced in March, with a demo made available to play on Steam. The game was announced for Xbox Series S/X consoles in June with a new trailer. The cozy mystery-adventure title takes inspiration from Bollywood and Indian culture, and features pixel-art style visuals that evoke real-world Indian cities. Players will take control of the titular detective and take on cases, gather clues and unravel mysteries. Detective Dotson will launch on Xbox Series S/X and PC (via Steam) early next year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Canon EOS R1 With 24.2-Megapixel CMOS Sensor Launched in India Alongside EOS R5 Mark II: Price, Features" ,  Canon EOS R1 and R5 Mark II were announced on Wednesday in global markets, including India, as the latest models in the company's EOS R camera lineup. The flagship Canon EOS R1 boasts a 24.2-megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor, while the EOS R5 Mark II includes a 45-megapixel full-frame sensor. Both cameras are equipped with a new Digic Accelerator and the Digic X image processor. The Canon EOS R1 can record 6K resolution video at 60fps, while the EOS R5 Mark II can capture 8K videos at 60fps. Canon EOS R1, EOS R5 Mark II Price in India Canon EOS R1 price in India is set at Rs. 6,30,995, while the LP-E6P battery is priced at Rs. 7,995, while the battery grip costs Rs. 34,995. You can get the cooling fan battery grip for Rs. 40,995 whereas the battery grip with LAN is priced at Rs. 80,995. The camera and the bundles will be available in the country for purchase by the end of November. On the other hand, the Canon EOS R5 Mark II is priced at Rs. 4,05,995 for the camera body. The Canon EOS R5 Mark II + RF24-105mm f/4L IS USM kit can be grabbed for Rs. 5,05,995. The LP-E6P battery costs Rs. 7,995, while the BG-R20 battery grip is priced at Rs. 34,995. Canon is selling the CF-R20EP cooling fan battery grip for Rs. 40,995 and the BG-R20EP battery grip with LAN for Rs. 80,995. All these devices will go on sale starting in August. Fujifilm Instax Mini SE Launched in India: See Price, Availability Canon EOS R1 features The newly launched Canon EOS R1 houses the company's self-developed back-illuminated stacked 24.2-megapixel sensor and a new Digic X and Digic Accelerator image processor. The full-frame CMOS sensor is capable of delivering powerful image processing and autofocus performance, according to the company. The EOS R1 bears a resemblance to the recently launched Canon EOS R3 model. It features a 0.64-inch OLED viewfinder with 9.44 million dots resolution and a 119.88fps refresh rate. It offers Canon Log-2 / Log-3 / HLG profiles. The camera can hit 12fps with a mechanical and electronic first curtain shutter and 40fps shooting speeds with an electronic shutter. Maximum shutter speed with electronic shutter is 1/64,000 seconds.  Canon EOS R5 Mark II, Canon EOS R1Photo Credit: Canon  For videos, the Canon EOS R1 is capable of shooting 6K/60p footage in proprietary Canon RAW format. It can also capture 4K resolution video at 120p. It is touted to offer up to six hours of movie recording time and up to 1.30 hours of high-frame movie recording time on a single charge. Boult Forays Into Auto Sector With Launch of CruiseCam X1 Series Dashcam The Canon EOS R1 support two memory cards with up to 2TB capacity and includes two CFexpress Type B slots. It houses an LP-E19 battery and supports charging through a USB connection. Other connectivity options include Bluetooth 5.3, Wi-Fi 6E, Ethernet, USB-C PD and more. The new Dual Pixel Intelligent AF system available on the Canon EOS R1 provides improved subject tracking and detection during video and still shooting. there is a new Register People Priority function for tracking pre-registered people when they are in a crowd and have their faces turned sideways. The new Action Priority AF mode will automatically switch the focus point to subjects that are in action. This is expected to assist sports shooters in capturing decisive moments in games. It offers an eye control AF feature that lets the shooter select focus points or subjects to track simply by looking at them in the electronic viewfinder. Canon EOS R5 Mark II features The mirrorless Canon EOS R5 Mark II also comes with the same Digic Accelerator processor paired with Digic X processor. It features a 45-megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor. It has a 0.5-inch OLED viewfinder with a 5.76 million-dot resolution and a 59.94/119.88 fps refresh rate. The burst shooting speeds on the Canon EOS R5 Mark II are rated at 12fps with the mechanical shutter and electronic first curtain. It provides 30fps shooting speeds with an electronic shutter and the maximum shutter speed is 1/32,000 second. It can record 8K video at 60fps, 4K at 120p and full-HD at 240p. Using the cooling fan accessory, CF-R20EP (sold separately) is claimed to extend recording times The Canon EOS R5 Mark II is powered by a new LP-E6P battery and can be charged with the LC-E6 charger. For enhanced performance, users can combine the camera with battery grip BG-R20 and BG-R20EP. Connectivity options are the same as Canon EOS R1.   




title = "Instagram Rolls Out Multi-Audio Track Support for Reels; Allows Users to Add Up to 20 Tracks" ,  Instagram on Tuesday announced a new multi-track audio feature for Reels that is rolling out to users. The development comes days after Instagram head Adam Mosseri stated that the video and image sharing platform would prioritise short-form content over long videos. With the rollout of the improvement to Instagram Reels, users can now add multiple audio tracks in a single Instagram Reel, enabling them to produce creative mixes using their smartphone. Instagram Rolls Out Multi-Audio Track Support Mosseri announced the rollout of multi-audio track support via a post on Instagram, stating that users can add up to 20 tracks to a single Reel on Instagram, giving users more creative freedom to make content. They can align the audio with text, and edit the Reel with stickers, clips and other items. The audio clips can also overlap, and the app will generate a fade effect. View this post on Instagram           A post shared by Adam Mosseri (@mosseri) Announcing the feature, Instagram said, “With the flexibility to pair the right tracks with the right clips at the right time, one can express their creativity the way that feels right for them and their audience.” When a user creates a mix, it will get saved with attribution to them. Others can reuse these mixed audio clips too, according to Instagram. This feature is available to users in India starting today. However, Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to access the multi-track feature, which means it could be rolling out to users in a phased manner. Instagram to Prioritise Short-Form Content The rollout of multi-track support for reels comes shortly after Mosseri said that Instagram would focus on prioritising short-form content on its platform. When a user comes across a short video clip that interests them, they often share it with their friends who have similar interests, according to the executive. This is claimed to satisfy two “symbiotic” objectives: connecting users with their friends, and enabling them to explore their interests. WhatsApp Makes It Easier to Access Frequent Chats With Favourites Filter


X May Be Testing a Way for iPhone Users to Dislike Posts on the Platform


Spotify Brings Comments to Podcasters App for Deeper Fan Engagement As a result, Instagram will prioritise short-form content over long videos. The Meta-owned service previously operated a standalone long-form video platform called IGTV which launched in 2018, enabling users to upload hour-long videos. However, it was discontinued in 2022 due to the company shifting its focus towards supporting short-form content, particularly due to the introduction of Instagram Reels which arrived the previous year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Begins Testing Google Vids, the Gemini AI-Powered Video and Presentation Tool" ,  Google Vids was made available in beta to Google Workspace users on Monday. The company's latest artificial intelligence (AI) video and presentation creation tool was first announced in April during the annual Google Cloud Next event. Vids has been touted to be unlike standard AI video generators and it can create a storyboard which can be edited using various input formats. At present, the platform is only available to those who have signed up for Workspace Labs. The tech giant has not revealed a date for its global launch. Google Vids Arrives in Workspace Labs The announcement was made by Karan S, a Google Docs Community Manager in a post which said, “We're excited to bring Google Vids into Workspace Labs! Vids is an AI-powered video creation app that's designed for work and deeply integrated with the Workspace suite you use every day.” The platform can be accessed here. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Powered by Gemini AI, Google Vids can create professional video presentations, but it requires the user's input at multiple steps to be able to generate the desired content. To get started, users can simply provide a textual prompt stating what they're looking for. For instance, a prompt that says “a presentation for a product launch”, will trigger Gemini to generate a storyboard with a video outline. It will also generate titles for each section of the video. Google Announces New India-Centric AI Models, Tools, and Initiatives If this seems too unreliable, users can also pick from one of many templates on the platform and directly get to the storyboard stage. One unique aspect of Google Vids is that it also accepts Google Docs, Slides, videos, audio recordings, and more. Adding these gives the AI more context into the flow of the final video. Google Pixel 9 Series Camera Details Leaked Ahead of Expected August Launch


Google AI Overviews Said to Be Showing for Just 7 Percent of All Searches In the storyboard, the user can make edits such as changing titles, changing the order of sections, adding or deleting tiles, and more. After that, the user needs to pick a style, based on which, Gemini will design the video complete with stock videos, images, text, background music, and even a generated script. However, the user will still have the option to make further edits such as adding voice-over or changing any element from the video. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Galaxy M35 5G With 50-Megapixel Rear Camera, 6,000mAh Battery Launched in India: Price, Offers" ,  Samsung Galaxy M35 5G was launched in India on Wednesday, two months after it was unveiled in Brazil. It is equipped with a 6.6-inch Super AMOLED display, and runs on the company's in-house octa-core Exynos 1380 chipset. The phone features a 50-megapixel primary rear camera and Dolby Atmos speakers. The phone runs on Android 14 and comes with Samsung's Knox Security and NFC-based Tap & Pay features. It will be available for purchase in the country later this month in three RAM and storage configurations. Samsung Galaxy M35 5G price in India, availability Samsung Galaxy M35 5G price in India starts at Rs. 19,999 for the 6GB + 128GB model, while the 8GB + 128GB and 8GB + 256GB variants are priced at Rs. 21,499 and Rs. 24,299, respectively. It will be available for sale in the country starting July 20 via Amazon, the Samsung India website and offline retail stores. The company said that buyers can avail of a Rs. 1,000 instant discounts for an unspecified limited period and a Rs. 2,000 instant discount on all bank cards during the purchase of the Samsung Galaxy M35 5G. Customers will also be eligible for an additional Rs. 1,000 Amazon Pay cashback. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Launch Timeline Leaked The handset is offered in three colour options — Daybreak Blue, Moonlight Blue and Thunder Grey. Samsung Galaxy M35 5G features, specifications The Samsung Galaxy M35 5G sports a 6.6-inch full-HD+ (1,080 x 2,340 pixels) Super AMOLED Infinity-O display with a 120Hz refresh rate, up to 1,000 nits of peak brightness level and Corning Gorilla Glass Victus+ protection. It is backed by an octa-core Exynos 1380 SoC paired with up to 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB of onboard storage. For photos, the handset features a 50-megapixel primary rear camera (f/1.8) along with an 8-megapixel sensor with an ultra-wide angle lens (f/2.2) as well as a 2-megapixel macro (f/2.4) camera. There's a 13-megapixel camera with an f/2.2 aperture on the front, for selfies and video chats. Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra May Get Major Changes to Its Design


Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Z Flip 6 First Impressions Samsung has equipped the Galaxy M35 5G with a 6,000mAh battery and stereo speakers with Dolby Atmos. The phone supports 5G, dual 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.3, GPS, and USB Type-C connectivity. It also comes with Samsung's Knox Security and Tap & Pay features. The handset measures 162.3 x 78.6 x 9.1mm in size and weighs 222g.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Boat Smart Ring Active India Launch Date Set for July 20; Design, Price, Key Features Revealed" ,  Boat Smart Ring Active will be available in India soon. The company has now announced the launch date of its next smart wearable. It has also confirmed the availability details of its the smart ring and teased some of its key features. Boat also states that the Smart Ring Active will be available at an introductory price when it is introduced in the country. It is set to be considerably cheaper than the Boat Smart Ring which was unveiled in the country in August 2023. Notably, the existing Boat Smart Ring was launched at Rs. 8,999 and is available in three sizes — 17.40mm, 19.15mm, and 20.85mm. Boat Smart Ring Active Launch Date, Price in India, Availability The Boat Smart Ring Active will launch in India on July 20 and will be available for pre-booking starting July 18 via Amazon, Flipkart and the official Boat India website. It is confirmed to be offered at a special launch price of Rs. 2,999. View this post on Instagram           A post shared by boAt Smartwatches (@boat.smartwatches) The Boat Smart Ring Active is also confirmed to come in three colour options and five sizes, according to another post from the wearable maker. It will be accompanied by a portable magnetic charging case. Boat Smart Ring Active Features The Boat Smart Ring Active will sport a stainless steel body and it has previously been teased to support auto health monitoring which includes tracking heart rate, blood oxygen (SpO2), sleep, and stress levels through multiple sensors. Boat Smart Ring With SpO2, Menstrual Tracking Debuts in India at This Price


Smartwatch Shipments in India Declined in Q1 2024 as TWS Headsets Rose: IDC


Amazon Prime Day 2024 Discounts Revealed Ahead of Sale: Check Top Deals On the other hand, the existing Boat Smart Ring model allows short-form video app navigation as well as music playback and camera controls. The current smart ring is claimed to offer up to seven days of battery backup. It comes with a 5ATM water resistance rating and can be used to activate SOS calls. We can expect similar features on the upcoming smart wearable. 




title = "Crypto Scammers Posing as Professors, Academicians to Target Investors, US Regulator Warns" ,  Scammers targeting the crypto sector are getting more creative, as adoption continues to increase. Regulators from the US have issued a warning against an emerging category of crypto scams targeted at crypto investors, where scammers pose as professors or academicians. Social networking platforms including Facebook, WhatsApp, and Telegram are being exploited by cyber miscreants to find and communicate with potential victims, aiming to drain their crypto holdings through elaborate schemes. The Securities division of the Washington State Department of Financial Institutions (DFI) has observed a rise in complaints, which point towards a new type of scam. As per the DFI, scammers claiming to be professors or deans of business schools or wealth institutes have been reaching out to people offering courses related to the crypto sector. “The alleged fraud typically starts with an investor being placed into a WhatsApp or Telegram group. The ‘Professor' and founder of the company provides investment courses such as ‘daily trading signals' that result in exorbitant rates of return,” the DFI explains. Visa Partners Wirex to Offer Crypto Payment Services to Merchants Globally Some scammers give their victims a few crypto tokens to test 'depositing' them on the platforms that these malicious actors are promoting to them, promising high returns. Some have been offering informal credit and loan facilities through messaging apps to ‘help' victims invest in projected high end crypto initial coin offerings, NFTs, or altcoins. In several instances, the DFI said, scammers have their group members pose as other "genuine investors" on these WhatsApp and Telegram groups that are being used to communicate with their victims. “When the investor tries to repay their loan, the company informs them that their account will remain frozen until they are able to repay the loan using outside funds. When they are unable to do so, investors have received threatening messages,” the DFI added. Web3 Startups Surge in Asia, Europe Amid Legislation Expansion: Report As of now, it remains unclear how many victims have been impacted by this scam. The DFI has not also released the number of complaints it has received around this issue in the last few months. Scammers, meanwhile, are getting more sophisticated in-terms of fishing for their crypto victims. Many are designing genuine-looking mobile apps and websites to convince unwary victims to engage with their schemes. “These companies may post various documents on their website from regulatory or government agencies as a way to appear legitimate. As investors begin reporting the alleged fraudulent companies and platforms, the company may announce that they are going through a ‘merger' without providing additional details,” the regulator said, asking investors to verify the legitimacy of each crypto-related website or app that they are choosing to engage with. Back in June, the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) had alerted the crypto circle about a rise in romance scams – where scammers lured people into investing in shady crypto tokens pretending to be looking for romantic connections.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Nubia Z60S Pro 3C Certification Confirms Satellite Connectivity, 80W Fast Charging and Other Details: Report" ,  Nubia Z60S Pro has been spotted on a Chinese certification website, hinting at details related to its charging capabilities and network support. The company has confirmed that it will launch the smartphone in China on July 23. Ahead of its official debut, the listing suggests that the smartphone may come equipped with satellite connectivity – a feature which Nubia also teased on its social media. The smartphone will be introduced alongside the refreshed version of the Nubia Z60 Ultra. Nubia Z60S Pro 3C Certification According to a MySmartPrice report, the Nubia Z60S Pro was spotted on the China Compulsory Certificate (CCC or 3C) website with model number NX725J. The listing confirms that the handset will get features such as 5G support and satellite connectivity. Furthermore, the smartphone's charging brick is speculated to have model number STC-A1172520400C, which corresponds to the Nubia RedMagic 80W PD power brick. On the Chinese social media platform Weibo, Nubia has confirmed that the Nubia Z60S Pro will sport a two-way satellite communication feature. However, other specifics about the smartphone are not yet revealed. Realme 13 Pro 5G Specifications Tipped Again Courtesy of TENAA Listing Nubia Z60S Pro will launch alongside the Z60 Ultra refreshed edition, dubbed ‘leading version' (translated from Chinese), the company has confirmed. Nubia Z60 Ultra Specifications (Expected) Nubia Z60 Ultra is confirmed to be powered by Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC – the latest chipset for smartphones from Qualcomm. It will come with an IP68 rating against dust and water ingress. The handset will be backed by a 6,300mAh battery. In terms of optics, it will be equipped with a triple rear camera setup, comprising Sony IMX 9 series 50-megapixel primary camera with optical image stabilisation (OIS), a 50-megapixel secondary sensor and a 64-megapixel telephoto lens. It will be powered by NeoVision Taishan AI Imaging System 2.0. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Surfaces on Geekbench With This SoC Ahead of Launch


Xiaomi Mix Flip Design, Specifications Teased Ahead of Launch on July 19 Nubia has teased that its upcoming smartphone may also feature artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities, including AI wallpaper creation, writing assistant, magic photo, voice assistant and live translation. The handset will run on the AI-powered ZTE Nebula operating system (OS). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google I/O Connect Bengaluru 2024: New India-Focused AI Models, Tools, and Initiatives Announced" ,  Google hosted its Google I/O Connect Bengaluru 2024 event on Wednesday (July 17). During the event, the tech giant announced new artificial intelligence (AI) models, a new benchmarking tool, and several new initiatives, all focused on the Indian AI community. The company opened access to the Gemma 2 AI model to all developers, highlighting that it was designed to better adapt to Indian languages. Google also announced its partnership with the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) Startup Hub to support the country's startup ecosystem. Google Unveils AI Models, Tools, and Initiatives In a press release, Google claimed that more than 1.5 million developers globally used Gemini models to build AI-powered tools and apps. The company is also focused on empowering the developer community by providing access to multimodal AI models with longer context windows. Google also highlighted that India had one of the largest developer bases on Google AI Studio, which can be used to build new AI tools with Gemini. To further assist developers build better tools, the Gemini 1.5 Pro model with a two million token context window was made available to all developers in India. Notably, the company added a waitlist to access the model earlier this year. Additionally, the Gemma 2 small language model (SLM) was also released to developers. Google AI Overviews Said to Be Showing for Just 7 Percent of All Searches Google said that Gemma's tokeniser, which breaks down text into smaller units for AI processing, could be an important tool for building multilingual solutions and cater to India's diverse languages. The tech giant also open-sourced its Composition of Language Models (CALM) framework that allows developers to combine their specialised language models with Gemma to create more efficient solutions. Presenting an example, the company said a developer building a coding assistant in English might be able to offer coding assistance in Kannada as well by composing with a Kannada specialist model in CALM. Apart from AI models, Google also introduced IndicGenBench, a new benchmarking tool designed for Indian languages. The company claims that it covers 29 different regional languages including those that have not been benchmarked so far. Google Maps Update Begins Rolling Out to Users With This Redesigned Layout Several partnerships and initiatives were also announced during the event. Notably, Google is partnering with MeitY Startup Hub to support the Indian startup ecosystem in their AI endeavours. Google DeepMind Is Making Gemini AI-Integrated Smarter Robots Google will offer up to $350,000 (roughly Rs. 2.9 crore) in Google Cloud credits to eligible AI startups to help them with the infrastructure and computational power needed to build and deploy AI technologies. The company will also help startups develop skills, knowledge, and mentorship about AI by providing AI-first programming and curriculum through existing programmes such as Startup School and Appscale Academy. It will also host a nationwide Gen AI Hackathon, a three-month experience to support early-stage startups. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Realme 13 Pro 5G Display, Battery and Other Specifications Spotted in TENAA Listing" ,  Realme 13 Pro 5G, along with 13 Pro+ 5G is scheduled to launch in India on July 30. Ahead of its official debut, the smartphone is reported to appear on a Chinese certification website. The listing hints at its key specifications including details about its display technology, battery, storage, and RAM. Notably, Realme 13 Pro 5G was also reportedly spotted on an Indonesian certification website which shed light on its model number. Realme 13 Pro 5G Specifications Spotted in TENAA Listing A TENAA listing for a smartphone with the model number RMX3989, which pertains to the Realme 13 Pro 5G, suggests that the handset will sport a 6.7-inch (1,080x2,412 pixels) AMOLED display. The listing also suggests that it will measure 161.3x73.9x8.2mm and weigh 188g.  The listing for the Realme 13 Pro 5G on TENAA  An octa-core processor clocked at 2.4GHz is expected to power the handset, along with up to 16GB of memory and up to 1TB of built-in storage. As per the listing, it could feature a triple camera setup at the back, comprising a 50-megapixel primary camera, an 8-megapixel secondary sensor a third 2-megapixel camera, and a single 32-megapixel selfie shooter on the front. The handset may be backed by a 5,050mAh battery. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Surfaces on Geekbench With This SoC Ahead of Launch The listing also suggests that the Realme 13 Pro 5G may support security features such as fingerprint and face recognition. Renders of the smartphone shared with the listing hint at a circular camera module at the back, similar to its predecessor. The volume and power buttons appear to be placed on the right side of the handset. Realme 13 Pro 5G Specifications (Expected) Realme 13 Pro 5G was recently spotted on Geekbench, powered by a Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC with Adreno 710 GPU. The smartphone is claimed to be Realme's “first professional AI camera phone”, and it appears to carry “Hyperimage+” branding at the back. Xiaomi Mix Flip Design, Specifications Teased Ahead of Launch on July 19


Google Pixel 9 Series Camera Details Leaked Ahead of Expected August Launch The company says its upcoming handset sports an aesthetic inspired by French painter Claude Monet and has been designed in collaboration with the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston (MFA). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple Granted Patent That Describes Public Wi-Fi Network Ranking System" ,  Apple has been granted a new patent for a 'ranking' system of public Wi-Fi networks, depending on the quality of the connection and its security. As per the filing, it could potentially enable the iPhone maker to implement a new way of identifying Wi-Fi networks in public places without needing to identify the user and their location. Other patents and patent applications related to the Cupertino-based technology firm in recent months include one that describes a self-healing display, an iPhone with virtual buttons, and a clamshell folding smartphone. Apple Patent Details Wi-Fi Ranking System According to a patent issued to Apple by the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) on July 16, the iPhone maker is devising a system for mapping crowd-sourced access points without identifying the user devices or exact locations and keeping the data anonymised. The patent is titled “Crowd Sourced Privacy Preserving Access Point Mapping”. It describes a service using which a server device can receive reports from several devices about the wireless access point they are connected to. This report would include multiple attributes and measurements. Apple's system would then generate a network topography, calculate network quality scores, and provide information about its various other characteristics. It would also label the scores as follows: High-quality, Popular, Captive, Suspicious, and more.  Apple Patent for Access Point MappingPhoto Credit: US Patent and Trademark Office/Apple As per Apple, this system would make connecting to public Wi-Fi networks easier and more secure, informing users about the quality of the connection and its security details. The user could then choose whether to connect to the network. While private Wi-Fi connections located in secure places such as our homes are considered to be safer, public networks can pose a risk to unwary users. Threat actors may be able to hop on these networks and target vulnerable devices, carrying out nefarious activities such as financial, identity, and data theft. Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) are usually the first line of defence against public Wi-Fi networks, encrypting the user's data as it passes through the device. Meanwhile, this proposed system by Apple could be a first-party solution for its devices, such as the iPhone, iPad and Mac. Apple Could Introduce iPhone 16 Pro in a New Rose Colourway


UTM SE Arrives as the First PC Emulator for iPhone, iPad on the App Store


Samsung, Apple Lead Global Smartphone Shipments in Q2 2024: IDC However, it is crucial to note that technology companies such as Apple file many patents for proposed devices and services, but not all of them make it to the development stage. Thus, Apple's system for protection against Wi-Fi networks, as proposed in the patent, may or may not arrive in the future. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Key Specifications Revealed by Geekbench Listing Ahead of Upcoming Debut" ,  Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 is confirmed to launch in China on July 19 alongside the Redmi K70 Ultra. These phones will also be accompanied by the Xiaomi Mix Flip, which will be the company's first clamshell-style foldable handset. Details about the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 previously surfaced online, hinting at some of its key specifications and features. The company has also revealed the design of the upcoming phone. The book-style foldable smartphone has now been spotted on the benchmarking website Geekbench along with details of the chipset, memory and Android version. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Geekbench listing A smartphone with the model number 24072PX77C was spotted on Geekbench — this is believed to be the upcoming Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, according to details previously shared by tipsters. The listing shows the handset scored 2,105 points and 6,575 points on the Geekbench 6 single-core and multi-core tests, respectively.   The phone is also listed with an octa-core chipset which clocked at 3.3GHz. It is also said to support 16GB of RAM and an Adreno 750 GPU. This suggests that the upcoming foldable smartphone is likely powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset — Qualcomm's current flagship mobile processor. It is also expected to run on Android 14, along with Xiaomi's HyperOS skin on top. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, Redmi K70 Ultra Set to Debut on This Date Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 launch, features The Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 will launch in China on July at 7:00pm local time (4:30pm IST) alongside the Redmi K70 Ultra and possibly also the Xiaomi Mix Flip. The company has teased that the Mix Fold 4 will likely be offered in blue and white colourways. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Probably Won’t Launch Globally; Might Get a Thin Body


Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Design, Specifications Leak Ahead of Anticipated Debut The Leica Summilux quad-camera system of the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 is confirmed to include two telephoto dual macro cameras with one 5X periscope shooter. The phone will also come with an IPX8 rating for water resistance. It will measure 9.47mm in thickness and weigh 226g. The foldable handset will also support 50W wireless charging.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple, Anthropic and Other AI Firms Have Reportedly Trained AI Models on Thousands of YouTube Videos" ,  Apple, Anthropic, and other major artificial intelligence (AI) firms have reportedly trained AI models on data from hundreds of thousands of YouTube videos. A new report claims that multiple AI companies used a publicly available dataset called Pile which contained the plain text of videos' subtitles without any video imagery. The data was collected from popular YouTube creators such as MrBeast, Marques Brownlee, and PewDiePie as well as Indian YouTube creators such as CarryMinati, BB ki Vines, and Ashish Chanchlani. Multiple AI Models Reportedly Trained on YouTube Videos Proof News conducted an investigation to find that subtitles data from as many as 1,73,536 YouTube videos were taken from more than 48,000 channels. As per the report, EleutherAI, a non-profit AI research lab, curated this dataset. Later, it was used by companies such as Apple, Anthropic, Nvidia, Salesforce, and more. Notably, the AI lab published a research paper highlighting the details of the dataset. EleutherAI created a data repository of 800GB dubbed Pile and made it publicly available for those who wanted to train AI models but could not afford large datasets. The majority of the dataset was taken from publicly available sources such as English Wikipedia, e-books, and more. However, it also contained the subtitles from all the videos compiled in a dataset called YouTube Subtitles. You Can Now Use the Claude AI App on Android The report claimed that the Pile was used to train Apple's OpenELM AI model, on the basis of the research paper's description. Salesforce, Nvidia, and Anthropic's AI models' research papers also reportedly mention the usage of the dataset. Anthropic spokesperson Jennifer Martinez told the publication in a statement, “The Pile includes a very small subset of YouTube subtitles. YouTube's terms cover direct use of its platform, which is distinct from use of the Pile dataset. On the point about potential violations of YouTube's terms of service, we'd have to refer you to the Pile authors.” Notably, YouTube's terms of service prohibit anyone from accessing the videos on the platform using automated means such as robots, botnets or scrapers. YouTube Subtitles will fall under the scraping category. A Google spokesperson told Proof News in an email response that the tech giant has taken “action over the years to prevent abusive, unauthorised scraping.” However, no comments were made about AI firms' usage of the data. Whistleblowers Reportedly Accuse OpenAI of Enforcing 'Illegal' NDAs In a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), Marques Brownlee called out Apple for sourcing data from companies that included his videos' transcripts, but he also highlighted that it was not the iPhone maker's fault since they did not collect the data. Dell XPS 13, Inspiron 14 Copilot+ AI PCs Launched in India: Details Apple has sourced data for their AI from several companiesOne of them scraped tons of data/transcripts from YouTube videos, including mineApple technically avoids "fault" here because they're not the ones scrapingBut this is going to be an evolving problem for a long time https://t.co/U93riaeSlY— Marques Brownlee (@MKBHD) July 16, 2024 While this dataset was collected and distributed publicly, there could be other instances of data scraping on platforms such as YouTube. With AI firms scrambling to find more data to train their large language models (LLMs), data procurement might continue to enter similar legally grey areas. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Bitcoin Price Rise Continues, Most Altcoins Recover After Brief Slump" ,  Bitcoin price in India and global markets continues to rise, raising the value of the world's most valuable and widely used digital asset. As a result, Bitcoin, which was trading at $59,304 (roughly Rs. 49.5 lakh) as of July 7, has risen to $65,965 (roughly Rs. 55 lakh) on international exchanges after a 10-day period. The value of Bitcoin has risen by over three percent over the past 24 hours. The asset is priced $68,433 (roughly Rs. 57 lakh) on Indian exchanges like WazirX, as according to the latest prices on Gadgets360's crypto price tracker on Wednesday. “Even the news of Mt Gox moving 91,755 BTC worth 5.8 billion was unable to deeply impact the current relief rally BTC is showing. Spot bitcoin ETFs, meanwhile, have attracted over $16 billion of inflows since launching in January, with $300 million added early this week alone. The ETFs have seen consistent inflows even as bitcoin prices fluctuated, indicating strong investor demand for regulated bitcoin exposure,” the CoinSwitch Markets Desk told Gadgets360, detailing reasons for BTC's price spike this week. Ether followed Bitcoin and rose in value on Wednesday. ETH price is currently $3,510 (roughly Rs. 2.9 lakh) on international exchanges like CoinMarketCap, after a 2.56 percent increase. On Indian exchanges, ETH is presently trading at $3,147 (roughly Rs. 2.6 lakh). FICCI Recommends Developing Blockchain-Based Trade Portal Ahead of Budget Tether, Binance Coin, Solana, Ripple, Dogecoin, and Avalanche also saw their values rise, just like BTC and ETH. “Altcoins like XRP (37 percent up) and Near Protocol (36.8 percent up) are leading the charge, fueling overall crypto optimism. Historically, July outperforms June for Bitcoin, and this year seems to follow suit despite recent challenges,” Avinash Shekhar, Co-Founder and CEO, Pi42 told Gadgets360. The overall crypto market cap rose by 1.73 percent in the last 24 hours to reach the valuation of $2.41 trillion, as per CoinMarketCap. Visa Partners Wirex to Offer Crypto Payment Services to Merchants Globally However, some cryptocurrencies saw their prices fall over the past 24 hours, including Cardano, Tron, Shiba Inu, Polkadot, and Chainlink. “Volatility has significantly increased and is expected to remain high this week,” the CoinDCX maret desk told Gadgets360.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi Mix Flip Design, Key Specifications Including Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Chip Revealed Ahead of July 19 Launch" ,  Xiaomi Mix Flip launch in China has been confirmed by the smartphone maker, and it will be unveiled in the country on July 19 during Xiaomi CEO Lei Jun's annual speech. Alongside the handset, several other products across categories are also expected to make their debut, including the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, Redmi K70 Ultra, Watch S4 Sport, Buds 5, and the Smart Band 9 – making it one of the biggest events of the year for the Chinese company. Ahead of its official reveal, Xiaomi has teased some details of the upcoming Mix Flip foldable handset, including its design, the chipset powering the phone, and camera tuning. Xiaomi Mix Flip Design, Specifications Teased In a series of posts on X (formerly Twitter), Xiaomi CEO Lei Jun shared several details about the upcoming Xiaomi Mix Flip. it is confirmed to be powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chip – the current-generation flagship chipset from Qualcomm for smartphones. Furthermore, it will have a larger cover display that will wrap around the rear camera module that houses two sensors, similar to the outer display of the recently launched Motorola Razr 50 Ultra. Reaching the peak of flip smartphones. Join me on July 19th for the exciting debut of #XiaomiMIXFlip. pic.twitter.com/2RZChypH1j— Lei Jun (@leijun) July 17, 2024  Like the Xiaomi 14 Ultra, the foldable smartphone also appears to carry a Leica-tuned dual camera system that is vertically placed, with the bottom lens housing an LED flash. The bottom of the handset may house the speaker grill, microphone, USB Type-C port and SIM tray. The power and volume buttons are teased to be placed on the right side. Antenna bands are visible on all sides of the smartphone. Xiaomi Mix Flip may arrive in multiple colourways, including black, purple, and silver/white. Furthermore, the teaser images suggest it could have multiple finishes too, with one of the devices having a textured back panel, while the other appears to have a smooth surface. Xiaomi Confirms It Will Launch Watch S4 Sport in China on July 19


Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, Redmi K70 Ultra Set to Debut on This Date


Redmi K70 Ultra, Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, Mix Flip Tipped to Debut on This Date Xiaomi Mix Flip Specifications (Rumoured) The upcoming Xiaomi Mix Flip is expected to sport a 1.5K resolution display. In terms of optics, it may pack a dual rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel OV50E primary sensor, and a 60-megapixel OV60A secondary sensor with a 2x optical zoom. It is also tipped to get a 32-megapixel selfie shooter on the front. The handset may be backed by a 4,700mAh battery with support for 67W fast charging. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Pixel 9 Series Camera Details Leaked Ahead of Expected August Launch" ,  Google Pixel 9 series is expected to be unveiled at the Made by Google event scheduled for August 13. The lineup is rumoured to include four models — the base Google Pixel 9, the Pixel 9 Pro, the Pixel 9 Pro XL and the Pixel 9 Pro Fold. Details including key features and the expected price range of the handsets have done rounds of the rumour mill over the last few weeks. A report has now shared leaked camera information about the upcoming Pixel 9 series smartphones. Google Pixel 9 series camera details (expected) The vanilla Google Pixel 9 will retain the Pixel 8's 50-megapixel Samsung GNK primary rear sensor but feature an upgraded ultrawide camera, according to an Android Authority report. It is expected to get a 50-megapixel Sony IMX858 sensor for the ultrawide shooter. Notably, the Google Pixel 8 carries a 12-megapixel Sony IMX386 ultrawide camera. The upcoming base Pixel 9 model is also tipped to retain the 10.5-megapixel Samsung 3J1 front camera sensor of the preceding handset but is likely to include the autofocus feature, which may offer clearer images. Google Pixel 9 Pro Might Offer Free Gemini Advanced For One Year The report also claimed that the Google Pixel 9 Pro and Pixel 9 Pro XL will come with identical camera setups. While these models are expected to carry the same 50-megapixel Samsung GNK sensor that we see in the Pixel 8 Pro, the ultrawide, telephoto and selfie cameras are likely to get some major upgrades. Both the Google Pixel 9 Pro and Pixel 9 Pro XL are said to use the 50-megapixel Sony IMX858 sensor for their ultrawide, telephoto and selfie shooters. For comparison, the Google Pixel 8 Pro has a 48-megapixel Sony IMX787 sensor paired with an ultrawide lens, a 48-megapixel Samsung GM5 sensor with a telephoto lens and a 10.5-megapixel Samsung 3J1 sensor in the front camera. The telephoto cameras of the Pixel 9 Pro phones will reportedly come with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support, while the front cameras will likely get autofocus, similar to the Pixel 8 Pro handset. Google Pixel 9 Pro XL Spotted on REL Website Alongside Pixel 9 Pro Fold Meanwhile, the Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold is expected to feature the 48-megapixel Sony IMX787 primary rear sensor and the 10.5-megapixel OIS-supported Samsung 3J1 telephoto shooter, similar to the existing Google Pixel Fold. However, the purported book-style foldable is expected to carry a 12-megapixel Samsung 3LU sensor with an ultrawide lens and 10-megapixel Samsung 3K1 sensors for both its inner and outer selfie cameras. These rumoured changes can be perceived as a downgrade from the camera system of the current Pixel Fold model. The present foldable handset includes a 12-megapixel Sony IMX386 ultrawide shooter, an 8-megapixel Sony IMX355 inner selfie camera and a 10.5-megapixel Samsung 3J1 outer selfie camera. The report suggests that these downgrades could be caused by the Pixel 9 Pro Fold being thinner. It is expected to be 2mm thinner than the Google Pixel Fold. Google Pixel 9 Series Prices, Colour Options, Storage Leaked The Google Pixel 9 series handsets are also expected to support 8K (7,680 x 4,320 pixels) video recording at 30 frames per second, the report added. It is not clear if all or select models will support this feature, but a future version of the Pixel Camera app is tipped to support 8K recording. 




title = "Anthropic Launches Android App for Claude AI Assistant, Powers It With Claude 3.5 Sonnet" ,  Anthropic launched an Android app for its Claude artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot on Tuesday. The Android app comes a couple of months after the AI firm released an iOS app for Claude. Users can find the Claude AI app free to download on the Play Store. The interface works similarly to the website, and even free users can take advantage of all the basic features. The chatbot is powered by Claude 3.5 Sonnet by default, which was released by the company last month. Claude AI Android App Launched The AI firm announced the launch of the Android app via a post on X (formerly known as Twitter). Unlike the iOS app release, Anthropic did not specify if this was a global release or would only be available in select regions. Gadgets 360 was able to access the app through the Play Store. Notably, the Claude AI app is 4.12MB in size. Claude's Android app is free to download and use. However, users will have to sign up using an email and register their account with their phone number. Free users will be able to access all the basic features of the text-based AI model. Since Claude 3.5 Sonnet powers the chatbot now, users will also be able to access its computer vision capabilities. To use the feature, users will need to give the app access to the camera and the gallery. Once done, they can click any picture and ask the AI for information about it. Apple Will Reportedly Offer Gemini AI Alongside ChatGPT on iOS 18 Interestingly, Claude 3.5 Sonnet, which was released last month, comes with a 200,000 token context window. The company claims that the latest model can run twice as fast as the Claude 3 Opus model. Further, it can also independently write, edit, and execute code. Vision capabilities of the AI model were also improved with 3.5 Sonnet. However, free users may find a rate limit restriction after receiving responses to a certain number of messages. To use the chatbot beyond that, users will need the Claude Pro subscription. It offers a five times higher rate limit and access to additional AI models such as Claude 3 Opus and Claude 3 Haiku. Anthropic Launches a New Collaborative Feature for Claude AI


Anthropic Rolls Out This Feature for Precise Responses in Claude-3 Models Pro users also get priority access during high-traffic periods and early access to new features. In India, the Claude Pro subscription is priced at Rs. 1,999 a month. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "OpenAI Whistleblowers Claim Firm Made Employees Sign ‘Illegally Restrictive’ NDAs: Report" ,  OpenAI has reportedly been accused of using “illegally restrictive” non-disclosure agreements (NDAs) by a group of whistleblowers, who have written a letter to the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), urging the agency to take “swift and aggressive” steps to stop the practice within the company. Last month, a group of anonymous former and current employees of the company wrote an open letter highlighting the lack of oversight in building safe artificial intelligence (AI) models and urging employers to create better whistleblower protection policies. Whistleblowers Says OpenAI NDAs Are Restrictive The Washington Post obtained a letter from a group of anonymous individuals describing themselves as whistleblowers, addressed to SEC chair Gary Gensler. The letter states that OpenAI has required its employees to sign illegally restrictive NDAs. The letter mentions that these NDAs prohibit and discourage both employees and investors from communicating with the SEC about security violations. The letter alleged that the NDA requires both employees and investors of the company to obtain consent before reaching out to federal agencies. Whistleblowers have reportedly also sent a separate, formal complaint about OpenAI along with documents as evidence of the company's wrongdoing. In the letter, the group urges the SEC to begin an investigation into the matter. A spokesperson for Senator Chuck Grassley told TechCrunch that the letter was received by the SEC and copies of it were sent to Congress. The whistleblowers also said that there is an urgent need for intervention, claiming there are severe risks attached to building AI systems and the irregularities at the company required that the employees could communicate with federal institutions. It could not be ascertained whether the whistleblowers are currently working at OpenAI, or whether they were former employees. OpenAI Working on Project 'Strawberry' for 'Deep Research' Capabilities


OpenAI Said to Have Revealed Five Levels to Create Superintelligent AI


Microsoft Gives Up Observer Seat on OpenAI Board Amid Regulatory Scrutiny Last month a group of former and current OpenAI employees wrote an open letter warning about the perils of AI and the need for better scrutiny when building such technologies. The letter also highlighted that the oversight into the matter was negligible and the employees needed better whistleblower protection policies to be able to come out and speak freely. Recently, a separate report also claimed that OpenAI employees found the safety and security protocol for GPT-4o to be insufficient. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "WhatsApp Lets Users Set Contacts as Favourites in Chats and Calls for Quick Access With Latest Update" ,  WhatsApp is introducing a new update that enables users to set certain contacts as favourites, the company announced on Tuesday. Through it, users can save the people they frequently contact at the top of the screen in WhatsApp Chats and Calls. Additionally, it will also be available as a filter on the instant messaging platform. This development comes weeks after WhatsApp introduced Context Cards, promising better security in situations where users get added to unknown group chats. Favourites on WhatsApp In a blog post, WhatsApp announced the rollout of this feature. It lets users organise chats better by adding the frequently contacted chats under the favourites filter. Following the update, the filter is added beside the All, Unread and Groups filters on the instant messaging platform. it's okay to play favorites 😏easily find the people you talk to most at the top of your calls tab and filter for them in chats by adding them to your Favorites pic.twitter.com/EAUh05IkQp— WhatsApp (@WhatsApp) July 16, 2024 Furthermore, users now have the option to set favourites in the Calls tab too. To add contacts to favourites: Open WhatsApp and select the favourites filter in the Chats tab. Then, choose the contacts or groups you wish to save as favourites. Tap on the filter to only view the contacts you have selected. To set contacts as favourites in the WhatsApp Calls tab, simply select the ‘Add favourites' option and choose the contacts. To manage contacts in favourites, head over to Settings > Favorites > Add to Favorites. Under this setting, you can manage or reorder contacts saved as favourites. WhatsApp says this new feature is being introduced starting today and will be available to users in the coming weeks. However, Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to verify its availability on both, WhatsApp for Android and iOS. It may be possible that the feature is being rolled out in a phased manner, with devices slowly receiving it. Google AI Overviews Said to Be Showing for Just 7 Percent of All Searches


WhatsApp Is Reportedly Testing an On-Device Live Translation Feature


X May Be Testing a Way for iPhone Users to Dislike Posts on the Platform Under Development Features In addition to the rollout of favourites, WhatsApp is also said to be testing multiple new features, including a live translation feature for chats, transcription for voice messages and a dedicated video note mode for the camera user interface (UI). The aforementioned features are still under development and may only be available to beta testers registered via the Google Play Beta program. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "FICCI Lists Pro-Blockchain Suggestions Ahead of Upcoming Union Budget: Details" ,  The Indian government is set to present the union budget for the fiscal year of 2024-2025 on July 23. Ahead of the upcoming budget announcement, Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI), India's non-government trade and commerce body, has extended a proposal to create a blockchain portal that will unify all trading operations across India, while adhering to legal compliances. The Indian government has in the past acknowledged the potential of blockchain technology across sectors, including e-governance, healthcare, and finance among others. In a post on X, FICCI published its budget suggestion for a single blockchain-based portal for all trade-related compliances. The industry body believes that such a portal will link shipping lines, logistics providers, banks, and customs with each other – providing members of India's commerce and trade sector one dashboard to simplify cross-platform connectivity and internal communication. The portal, as per FICCI, could also bring more ease to the exporter community to engage with India's commerce and streamline processes to reduce the pressure of compliance. Why the Web3 Industry Is Asking the RBI to Define Crypto-Banking Relations In its post on X, FICCI has mentioned FM Nirmala Sitharaman as well as the Ministry of Finance to bring their notice to the body's expectations from the upcoming budget. Develop blockchain-based single portal for all trade-related compliances. Streamline export processes.#BudgetExpectation #BudgetWithFICCI@FinMinIndia @nsitharaman @nsitharamanoffc @DDNewslive @DDNewsHindi @PIB_India @PIBHindi @airnewsalerts @AIRNewsHindi pic.twitter.com/vmmhgSFoF0— FICCI (@ficci_india) July 15, 2024 In conversation with Gadgets360, Sharat Chandra, Founder of EmpowerEdge Ventures, said that through blockchain, the industry can benefit from increased transparency, efficiency, and security in trade operations. “It is heartening to see industry bodies like FICCI taking the lead in advocating for the adoption of cutting-edge technologies,” Chandra said. “FICCI's recommendations demonstrate a commitment to drive progress and create an environment conducive to co-creation and innovation.” Non-Profit Council to Tackle Blockchain Threats Formed by These Crypto Firms This is not the only suggestion that FICCI has extended to India's finance ministry that hints at a pro-Web3 approach. In another post on X, the trade body noted that increasing cross-border paperless trade activities and implementation of electronic exchange of documents was the need of the hour. As we know, information stored on a blockchain is tamper-proof, which brings a rather thick layer of transparency to logged details saved on the network. Facilitating the exchange of documents through blockchain networks would not only make the transfer transparent, but also keep the sensitive data more secured against malicious actors. Increase cross-border paperless trade. Implement electronic exchange of trade documents#BudgetExpectation #BudgetWithFICCI@FinMinIndia @nsitharaman @nsitharamanoffc @DDNewslive @DDNewsHindi @PIB_India @PIBHindi @airnewsalerts @AIRNewsHindi pic.twitter.com/2vkR3jm63z— FICCI (@ficci_india) July 15, 2024 FICCI also recommends that adequate budget needs to be allocated towards the research and development around newer technologies including blockchain, AI, quantum computing, cyber security, and privacy technology. “Outline vision for tokenisation of assets like real estate and corporate debt on blockchain. Allocate seed capital for industry utilities for cyber frauds, money laundering, and climate risk data,” FICCI posted on X, quoting Saurabh Tripathi, Chair, FICCI Fintech Committee and Global Leader, Financial Institutions, BCG. FICCI's #BudgetExpectation for the #FinTech sector:◉ Create conducive environment for AI-based innovation in local economy◉ Incentivize exports of software services◉ Allocate budget for public-private joint investment in R&D for AI, blockchain, quantum computing,… pic.twitter.com/S2pt0AeL3Y— FICCI (@ficci_india) July 15, 2024 “As the government considers these proposals, it is crucial that the government prioritises the implementation of such forward-thinking initiatives to unlock the full potential of blockchain in trade and commerce,” Chandra noted.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Redmi Pad SE 4G India Launch Date Set for July 29; Design, Colour Options Teased" ,  Redmi Pad SE 4G is set to arrive in India soon. The company has announced the launch date of the 4G version of the tablet in the country. It has also revealed the design and teased the colour options and a few key features of the upcoming product. It will join the Redmi Pad SE Wi-Fi variant, which was introduced in the country in April this year with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 680 chipset and an 11-inch LCD screen. The design of the 4G variant appears to be slightly different from the existing model. Redmi Pad SE 4G India launch, design, colour options The Redmi Pad SE 4G will launch in India on July 29. A live microsite for the tablet confirms that it will support up to 128GB of onboard storage. It is also confirmed to feature an HD screen and Dolby Atmos-backed sound. The design of the rear camera module of the upcoming Redmi Pad SE 4G is shown to be different from the existing Wi-Fi variant. The latter has a rectangular camera unit, while the 4G version appears to have a circular rear camera module. The back cover of the tablet is shown with an extendable strap that can be used as a grip or a stand. Redmi Pad SE With 11-Inch Screen, Snapdragon 680 Debuts in India: See Price As per the promotional images, the Redmi Pad SE 4G is teased to come in blue and green colourways. We can expect to learn more about the upcoming variant over the next few days. Redmi Pad SE 4G features (expected) The Redmi Pad SE 4G was previously spotted on the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) website as well as the IMEI database and reportedly also appeared on the FCC certification site. These listings suggested that the tablet, carrying the model number 24076RP19I, would get an 8.7-inch display and run on Xiaomi's Android 14-based HyperOS 1.0. It is also expected to support Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity. Redmi Pad SE Review: Good Budget Tablet


Redmi Pad Pro Is Officially Confirmed to Launch in India Soon Redmi Pad SE price in India, features The Redmi Pad SE (Review) with Wi-Fi connectivity only was introduced in the country in April this year. It started at Rs. 12,999 for the 4GB + 128GB option, while the 6GB + 128GB and 8GB + 128GB variants were listed at Rs. 13,999 and Rs. 14,999, respectively. It is powered by a 6nm octa-core Snapdragon 680 chipset and sports an 11-inch 90Hz WUXGA LCD screen. It runs Android 13-based MIUI Pad 14 and is equipped with an 8-megapixel rear camera as well as a 5-megapixel front camera. The tablet is backed by an 8,000mAh battery with support for 10W wired charging.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Nord 4 With Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 SoC, 100W SuperVOOC Charging Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  OnePlus Nord 4 was launched in India on Tuesday (July 16) as the latest smartphone by the Chinese tech brand. The new Nord series handset, unveiled at OnePlus' Summer Launch Event, comes as a successor to last year's OnePlus Nord 3 and offers an AMOLED screen with 1.5K resolution and 100W SuperVOOC fast charging support. The OnePlus Nord 4 is equipped with the Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 SoC and features dual cameras led by a 50-megapixel primary sensor. Other highlights of the phone include a 5,500mAh battery, dual stereo speakers and several AI-based features OnePlus Nord 4 price in India Price of OnePlus Nord 4 in India starts at Rs. 29,999 for the base 8GB RAM + 128GB storage variant. The higher-end variants with 8GB RAM + 256GB storage and 12GB RAM + 256GB storage have a price tag of Rs. 32,999 and Rs. 35,999, respectively. The smartphone is offered in Mercurial Silver, Oasis Green, and Obsidian Midnight shades. The new phone will be available for pre-orders via OnePlus online store, Amazon India, and other retail stores from July 20 to July 30. The open sale will start on August 2. As an introductory offer, the base variant of OnePlus Nord 4 can be grabbed for Rs. 28,999 by applying bank-based discounts. During open sales, the initial price tag would be Rs. 27,999, including bank offers. OnePlus 12R Gets Sunset Dune Colourway in India With Free OnePlus Buds 3 OnePlus Nord 4 specifications The dual-SIM (Nano) OnePlus Nord 4 runs on Android 14 with OxygenOS 14.1 on top and OnePlus is promising four years of software updates and a further two years of security updates to the new phone. It features a 6.74-inch 1.5K(1,240x2,772 pixels) AMOLED display with 450ppi pixel density, 20.1:9 aspect ratio, 93.50 percent screen-to-body ratio and up to 120Hz refresh rate. Under the hood, it has an octa-core Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 SoC, coupled with 8GB LPDDR5X RAM and an Adreno 732 GPU. OnePlus claims that the OnePlus Nord 4 will offer smooth operations after years of use as it has bagged a TUV SUD Fluency 72 Month A rating. It carries an X-axis linear motor for gaming. For photos and videos, the phone carries a dual rear camera setup that houses a 50-megapixel Sony LYTIA sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) and Electronic image stabilisation (EIS) support alongside an 8-megapixel Sony ultra wide-angle camera with 112 degrees field of view. For selfies and video chats, there is a 16-megapixel sensor at the front. The camera setup is capable of shooting 4K video at 30/60 frames per second (fps) and 1080p video at 60fps. It packs up to 256GB of UFS 4.0 storage. Connectivity options on the OnePlus Nord 4 include 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.4, GPS, GLONASS, BDS, Galileo, NFC, QZSS, and a USB Type-C port. It includes an alert slider on the left spine. The handset supports face unlock feature and has dual stereo speakers with noise cancellation support. The new Nord phone ships with several AI features like AI Audio Summary to quickly transcribe a long meeting, AI Note Summary to summarise emails, AI Text Translate for translations and AI Linkboost for enhanced connectivity. OnePlus 13, OnePlus Ace 4 Tipped to Feature 6,000mAh Batteries OnePlus has provided a 5,500mAh battery with 100W SuperVOOC fast charging support on the Nord 4. The battery unit is claimed to survive more than 1,600 charging cycles. It includes OnePlus's in-house Battery Health Engine technology, that analyses battery use and charging habits with the help of AI and optimises the charging after the phone reaches 80 percent charge. The fast-charging technology is claimed to fill the battery from 1 to 100 percent in just 28 minutes. OnePlus Nord 4 measures 162.6x75x8.0mm and weighs 199.5 grams.   




title = "OnePlus Pad 2 With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, 3K Display Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  OnePlus Pad 2 was launched in India on Wednesday (July 16) alongside the OnePlus Nord 4. This latest tablet offering from the Chinese tech brand comes in a single colour option and boasts a 12.1-inch display with 3K resolution. The OnePlus Pad 2 runs on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 processor with up to 12GB RAM. The tablet offers Wi-Fi 7 connectivity and is backed by a 9,510mAh battery with 67W SuperVOOC fast charging. The OnePlus Pad 2 is available in two RAM and storage options and it seems to be a rebrand of China exclusive OnePlus Pad Pro. OnePlus Pad 2 price in India Price of OnePlus Pad 2 has been set at Rs. 39,999 for the 8GB + 128GB version and Rs. 42,999 for the 12GB + 256GB version. It is available in Nimbus Gray shade. Open sale of the tablet will begin on August 1. The OnePlus Pad 2 can be paired with the OnePlus Stylo 2 and the OnePlus Smart Keyboard (sold separately) priced at Rs. 5,499, and Rs. 8,499, respectively. OnePlus Nord 4, Pad 2 Will Get AI-Powered Utility and Camera Features  OnePlus Stylo 2Photo Credit: OnePlus  OnePlus Pad 2 specifications The OnePlus Pad 2 runs on Android 14 with OxygenOS 14 and sports a 12.1-inch 3K (2,120x3,000 pixels) LCD display with up to 144Hz refresh rate, 303ppi pixel density, 88.40 percent screen-to-body ratio and 900 nits peak brightness. The screen has Dolby Vision support. The tablet is powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset, along with up to 12GB of RAM and up to 256GB storage. OnePlus 13, OnePlus Ace 4 Tipped to Feature 6,000mAh Batteries For optics, the OnePlus Pad 2 has a 13-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel selfie shooter. It has quad stereo speakers. Connectivity options include Bluetooth 5.4, Wi-Fi 7, dual-band Wi-Fi, and USB Type-C port. The tablet supports facial recognition. It has a six-speaker system with Hi-Res certification. The OnePlus Pad 2 carries a 9,510mAh battery with support for 67W SuperVOOC fast charging. It measures 268.66x195.06x6.49mm and weighs 584 grams.  OnePlus Smart KeyboardPhoto Credit: OnePlus  The OnePlus Pad 2 can be converted into a laptop with OnePlus Stylo 2 and Smart Keyboard. The stylus offers 16,000 pressure sensitivity levels and 240Hz touch sampling rates, while the keyboard has an 8,640mm square touchpad. The portable keyboard has a magnetic holder and adjustable tilt, ranging from 110 degrees to 165 degrees. It can be connected via a pogo-pin and Bluetooth. The OnePlus Stylo 2 houses an 80mAh battery and it supports magnetic wireless charging. The OnePlus Smart Keyboard packs a 205mAh battery.   




title = "Sony Xperia 5 VI Alleged Cases Listed on German Retailer Site; Suggests Similar Design to Its Predecessor" ,  Sony Xperia 5 V with Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC and 5,000mAh battery was launched in September last year. Now, Sony seems to be gearing up to introduce the Sony Xperia 5 VI. The company is yet to confirm its existence, but ahead of it, purported cases of the Sony Xperia 5 VI have been spotted on a German retailer website, hinting at an imminent launch. The protective cases indicate a similar design language to that of the Sony Xperia 5 V. German retailer Alza.de has listed Spigen Rugged Armor cases for unannounced Sony Xperia 5 VI with a price tag of EUR 16.90 (roughly Rs. 1,536). The listing shows the case on the device with slight differences compared to last year's Sony Xperia 5 V. It seems to have a pill-shaped camera module. The LED flash is placed between the two cameras, whereas the existing Xperia 5 V has an LED flash on the left side. The renders of the alleged Sony Xperia 5 VI show a headphone jack on the top. The right spine seems to have a side-mounted fingerprint scanner and a volume rocker. The display sizes and aspect ratios seem to be similar to the previous model. OnePlus Nord 4, Pad 2 Will Get AI-Powered Utility and Camera Features Sony has yet to give any hints about the Xperia 5 VI, but we can expect it to go official soon. Sony Xperia 5 V price, specifications The Sony Xperia 5 V was launched in September last year with a price tag of EUR 999 (roughly Rs. 89,700) for the 8GB RAM + 256GB storage variant. The Sony Xperia 5 V runs on Android 13 and has a 6.1-inch full-HD+ OLED display with a refresh rate of 120Hz and a touch sampling rate of 240Hz. It is powered by an octa-core Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC paired with Adreno 740 GPU, 8GB of LPDDR5X RAM, and 256GB of UFS 4.0 inbuilt storage. Sony to Resume Operations of Acquired Japanese Crypto Firm ‘WhaleFin’ For optics, Sony Xperia 5 V has a dual rear camera setup that includes a 52-megapixel primary sensor along with a 12-megapixel ultra-wide-angle sensor. It has a 12-megapixel selfie shooter. It houses a 5,000mAh battery with support for 30W wired fast charging. It has an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance. 




title = "Dell XPS 13, Inspiron 14 Plus Copilot+ AI PCs Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Dell XPS 13 and Dell Inspiron 14 Plus were launched in India as the first Copilot+ PCs by the company on Tuesday (July 16). The refreshed laptops are equipped with the Snapdragon X series chipsets that come with a dedicated neural processing unit (NPU) offering up to 45 trillion operations per second (TOPS). These devices will also get Microsoft Copilot artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot integrated within the Windows 11 operating system. These will also come with other AI features such as Cocreator, Live Captions, and Windows Studio effects. Dell XPS 13, Inspiron 14 Plus Price and Availability The Dell XPS 13 price starts at Rs. 1,39,990. The highest-end variant is priced at Rs. 1,69,990. The laptop will be available in three different chipset and storage variants, however, the company did not specify them. On the other hand, the base variant of the Dell Inspiron 14 Plus is priced at Rs. 1,15,590 whereas the top-end model can be purchased at Rs. 1,19,590. The laptop will be available in two variants. Both Copilot+ PCs are available to purchase across the company website, Croma, Reliance Retail, Vijay Sales, and Amazon. Dell is also offering a one-year extended warranty worth Rs. 4,999 and cashback worth Rs. 10,000 with leading banks with XPS 13. With Inspiron 14 Plus, consumers will get a one-year extended warranty worth Rs. 999 and cashback worth Rs. 5,000 with leading banks. Honor MagicBook Art 14 2024 With Up to Intel Core Ultra 7 CPUs Launched Dell XPS 13, Inspiron 14 Plus Specifications The refreshed Dell XPS 13 and Inspiron 14 Plus laptops are equipped with Snapdragon X series chipsets. The XPS 13 will be available with either Snapdragon X1 Plus (10 cores and up to 3.4GHz clock speed) or Snapdragon X1 Elite (12 cores and up to 4.0GHz clock speed) processors. On the other hand, the Inspiron 14 Plus will feature either an X Elite SoC with 12 cores and up to 3.4GHz clock speed or an X Plus SoC with 10 cores and up to 3.4GHz clock speed. The chipsets will also feature Qualcomm Hexagon NPU capable of delivering up to 45 TOPS, and Qualcomm's Adreno GPU. The XPS 13 will be configured with up to 64GB LPDDR5X RAM and up to 2TB M.2 2280 Gen4 PCIe NVMe SSD storage. The Inspiron 14 Plus will be paired with up to 32GB of LPDDR5X RAM and up to 1TB of M.2 2230 Gen 4 PCIe NVMe SSD storage. Coming to the display, the Inspiron 14 Plus features a 14-inch QHD+ (2560x1600 pixels) touch screen display with a 60Hz refresh rate. The XPS 13 features a 13.4-inch OLED 3K (2880x1800 pixels) touch screen display with a 60Hz refresh rate. It is also available in an IPS LCD configuration. Microsoft Surface Laptop 7, Surface Pro 11 Launched in India: Details


Asus Vivobook S 15 OLED Copilot+ Laptop Launched in India: Check Price For connectivity, the XPS 13 comes with 2 USB Type-C ports. The Inspiron 14 Plus has a USB 3.2 Type-A port, two USB Type-C ports, and an audio jack for headphones and microphones. The former is backed by a 55Whr battery while the latter gets a 54Whr battery. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple Tipped to Drop Blue Titanium Finish in Favour of a ‘Rose’ Colourway on iPhone 16 Pro" ,  iPhone 16 Pro could come in a new ‘Rose' colourway, which might replace a variant in Apple's existing lineup of finishes, according to a recent claim on social media. The handset, part of the iPhone 16 series, is expected to launch later this year at an event likely to be held in September. Recent reports suggest Apple's Pro models may also get a boost in terms of charging speed while its camera system could be due for some big upgrades too. iPhone 16 Pro New Colourway According to a post on the Chinese social media platform Weibo by tipster OvO Baby Sauce OvO (translated from Chinese), the iPhone 16 Pro could have a new colour code in the form of a ‘Rose' finish. It dismisses previous claims which suggested that Apple might bring back the Rose Gold colourway it first introduced with the iPhone 6S in 2015. In a previous claim, the tipster said that the Blue Titanium finish, which Apple only introduced last year with the iPhone 15 Pro models, could be dropped. Instead, a Rose colourway could join black, grey and silver/white as the probable options for the iPhone 16 Pro variants. iPhone 16 Pro Models May Let You Top Up Their Batteries Faster This development corroborates a previous suggestion by supply chain analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who had said that a new ‘Rose' Titanium colourway could be introduced with Apple's next iPhone series. Meanwhile, the iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Plus are tipped to feature the same colourways as the iPhone 15 series, with only the yellow variant being speculated to be replaced with a white option. iPhone 16 Pro Specifications (Expected) iPhone 16 Pro is reported to get a bigger and brighter display. The screen size may be bumped up from 6.1-inch to 6.27-inch, while it could have a peak brightness of 1,200 nits, translating into a 20 percent increase. iOS 18 May Bring Back Permanently Deleted Media With a New Feature


iPhone 16 Series Could Arrive With Face ID Design Changes Furthermore, the handset is also speculated to get a camera upgrade, with Apple reported to bring the 5X telephoto sensor from the iPhone 15 Pro Max to the iPhone 16 Pro. An alleged sighting of the iPhone 16 Pro's case on social media hinted at a larger camera cutout than its predecessor. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Watch 2R With 1.43-Inch AMOLED Screen, IP68 Rating Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  OnePlus Watch 2R was launched in India alongside the OnePlus Nord 4 and the OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro at the company's Summer Launch Event on Tuesday. It sports a circular dial with a 2.5D sapphire crystal glass and comes with an aluminium chassis alongside silicone straps. The smartwatch is claimed to offer a battery life of up to 12 days on Power Saving Mode. The OnePlus Watch 2R appears to be a rebadged version of the existing OnePlus Watch 2, which was unveiled at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2024 in February. OnePlus Watch 2R price in India, availability The OnePlus Watch 2R is priced in India at Rs. 17,999 and will be available for purchase in the country starting July 20 via the official website. The smartwatch is offered in two colour options — Forest Green and Gunmetal Gray. OnePlus Watch 2R specifications, features The OnePlus Watch 2R sports a 1.43-inch circular AMOLED screen with a 466 x 466 pixels resolution, a 60Hz refresh rate, 1,000 nits of peak brightness level and a 2.5D sapphire crystal glass. It is equipped with a dual-engine architecture, which includes a Snapdragon W5 and a BES2700 chipset. The former runs WearOS 4 out-of-the-box, while the latter runs RTOS. It also comes with 2GB of RAM and 32GB of onboard storage. OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro Review The newly launched OnePlus Watch 2R supports dual-band GPS, Beidou, Galileo, GLONASS, QZSS, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity. The watch is equipped with several health and wellness monitoring sensors, including heart rate and blood oxygen level. It also helps track sleep and stress levels. It is compatible with the OHealth app, which helps track all health-related data. OnePlus has packed a 500mAh battery into the OnePlus Watch 2R. It supports 7.5W VOOC Fast Charging via a USB Type-C port, which is claimed to charge the smartwatch from zero to 100 percent in 60 minutes. The watch is said to offer a battery life of "an entire day" in Smart Mode with 10 minutes of fast charging. It is also said to offer up to 100 hours of battery life on Smart Mode and up to 12 days on Power Saving Mode. OnePlus Nord 4 Review


Realme Watch S2 India Launch Date Set for July 30; Retail Box Leaks Online The OnePlus Watch 2R comes with 5ATM rating for water resistance as well as an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance. The company claims that users can engage in several outdoor activities with this smartwatch, including going for a swim. The watch has an aluminium chassis and it has silicone straps with stainless steel buckles. With the straps, the watch weighs 59g, and without them, it weighs 37g. The body measures 47.0 x 46.6 x 12.1mm in size. 




title = "Elon Musk Initiates Key Change in Robotaxi Design, Delays Unveiling for Now" ,  Tesla CEO Elon Musk on Monday signaled the automaker would take more time to unveil its robotaxi so it can incorporate an important design change to the front of the vehicle and "show off" some other things. Musk did not disclose when the automaker would hold an event to launch its robotaxi. Bloomberg News reported last week that the event, originally set to be held on August, had been delayed to October. "Requested what I think is an important design change to the front, and extra time allows us to show off a few other things," Musk said on X in a reply to a user post discussing the event. A person familiar with the matter said on Friday the robotaxi event has been delayed, without elaborating further. With the road to developing robotaxis and autonomous driving systems facing several engineering and regulatory hurdles, Wall Street analysts and Tesla investors have noted that a delay in the robotaxi launch would not be a surprise. Musk had announced the August unveiling day after Reuters reported on April 5 that Tesla had canceled its long-promised inexpensive car and would continue developing self-driving robotaxis on the same small-vehicle platform. The billionaire CEO has given minimal details about the robotaxi so far. He has only said that some vehicles would be owned and operated by Tesla, while others would be owned by individuals but rented out on Tesla's network. Shares of Tesla jumped on Monday after Musk publicly endorsed Donald Trump in the US presidential race, fanning hopes that a potential Trump administration could make it easier for Tesla to secure regulatory approvals for robotaxis and autonomous driving systems. Musk had said in 2022 Tesla expects to mass-produce a robotaxi with no steering wheel or pedal by 2024, after missing his targets for self-driving vehicles multiple times. The Tesla stock was last up five percent in afternoon trading. © Thomson Reuters 2024  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi Watch S4 Sport Confirmed to Launch in China on July 19: What We Know So Far" ,  Xiaomi Watch S4 Sport has been officially announced by the Chinese company. The smartwatch will launch during the annual conference hosted by Lei Jun, CEO of Xiaomi, on July 19 at 7pm local time (4:30pm IST) in China. According to claims on social media by Xiaomi, the Watch S4 Sport will be its “first professional sports smartwatch”, with features such as a rotating crown and sapphire glass, and will debut alongside multiple other products across several categories. Xiaomi Watch S4 Sport Specifications (Expected) In a post on the Chinese social media platform Weibo, Xiaomi revealed information about the launch of its upcoming smartwatch. Xiaomi Watch S4 Sport will feature a titanium chassis, with sapphire glass on the front and the back. It will also sport a rotating crown, placed on the right side. A teaser shared by the Chinese company suggests it may come with a circular dial and a button below the rotating crown. The smartwatch appears to have two band options: silicone and metal. While no official details have been revealed, a listing on the Chinese TAF certification website reportedly suggested that Xiaomi S4 Sport will feature an OLED display. It is tipped to feature a 586mAh battery with 10W charging support and a heart-rate monitoring sensor. The smartwatch is also speculated to support e-SIM capabilities and may allow users to make phone calls and respond to text messages without requiring a smartphone. Other features of the smartwatch may include GPS and NFC capabilities. Other Launches Alongside the smartwatch, Xiaomi has also confirmed the impending launch of several other products in China, including Mix Fold 4, Mix Flip, Redmi K70 Ultra, Buds 5, and Smart Band 9 during the annual conference in China. Both Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 and Mix Flip are reported to be powered by Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, running Android 14-based HyperOS skin. The Mix Fold 4 will sport a Leica Summilux quad-camera setup, comprising two telephoto dual macro cameras with a 5X periscope lens. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google AI Overviews Reportedly Pared Back Further, Shows for Just 7 Percent of All Searches" ,  Google AI Overviews feature has taken another hit and is now showing for fewer searches than before, as per a report. Dubbed Search Generative Experience (SGE) during its beta testing phase, AI Overviews was formally introduced during the Google I/O 2024 event. The feature is currently available openly only in the US and allows users to get a snapshot of the searched information curated by AI on the top of the results page. However, after incidents of inaccurate responses, the tech giant reportedly rolled back the feature in June. It appears the feature has now been further scaled down. Google AI Overviews' Visibility Reportedly Reduced With data from enterprise SEO platform BrightEdge, a report by SearchEngineLand found that AI Overviews were now showing up for just seven percent of the total search queries on Google. The data was compiled by tracking the number of instances the feature appeared in the month of June. As per the report, there was a drop from 11 percent to seven percent last month. Three sectors — education, entertainment, and e-commerce — have reportedly witnessed the biggest drop in the visibility of the feature. It is said that entertainment queries have dropped to nearly zero percent from the previous 14 percent. Education and e-commerce witnessed a drop from 26 percent to 13 percent and 26 percent to nine percent, respectively. Google Pixel 9 Pro Might Offer Free Gemini Advanced For One Year Last month, a similar report by BrightEdge highlighted that the visibility of AI Overviews dropped to just 15 percent. In comparison, before mid-April, when the scale-back of the feature reportedly began, AI Overviews were showing for as much as 75 percent of queries. The report also found that the majority of the AI-collated responses were shown in a truncated format where a collapsed view of the answer can be seen. Soon after the feature's US launch, some users began reporting incorrect and bizarre responses to some queries. In one instance, an X (formerly known as Twitter) user posted a screenshot where the AI suggested adding non-toxic glue to the sauce when searching for a solution to “cheese not sticking to pizza”. Google Maps Update Begins Rolling Out to Users With This Redesigned Layout


Google Pixel 9 Pro XL Spotted on REL Website Alongside Pixel 9 Pro Fold While Google has claimed that it had fixed the issue and improved its monitoring of the feature, the visibility of AI Overviews continues to reduce. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro With Up to 44 Hours Battery Life Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro was launched alongside the OnePlus Nord 4 at the company's Summer Launch Event on Tuesday. The earphones offer up to 49dB active noise cancellation (ANC), dual-device connectivity and customisable equaliser settings. These true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones are compatible with the Hey Melody app and are claimed to offer a total battery life of up to 44 hours. The earphones also come with an IP55 rating for dust and splash resistance and the three-mic system is said to ensure a clearer call experience. OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro price in India, availability The OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro is priced in India at Rs. 3,299 and will be available for purchase in the country starting July 20 via the official website. The earphones are offered in two colour options — Soft Jade and Starry Black. OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro specifications, features The OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro is equipped with 12.4mm dynamic drivers and each earbud has a three-mic system. The latter is claimed to improve noise cancellation features during phone calls and help provide a clear, seamless experience. The earphones also support up to 49dB of ANC including a transparency mode. OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro Review The newly launched OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro is compatible with the Hey Melody application. Users can manage noise cancellation levels and customise equalisation settings using this app. The ANC levels can be accessed in three presets — mild, moderate and max. The earphones also support Google Fast Pair and Bluetooth 5.4 connectivity, as well as SBC and AAC audio codecs. OnePlus Nord 4 Review


OnePlus Nord 4 to Get as Many Android OS Updates as the OnePlus 12 OnePlus has packed a 440mAh battery into the Nord Buds 3 Pro charging case, while each earbud has a 58mAh cell. Without ANC, the TWS earphones are claimed to offer a total battery life of up to 44 hours including the case, on a single charge. The case supports USB Type-C charging and 10 minutes of fast charging is said to offer a playback time of up to 11 hours. The earbuds come with an IP55 rating for dust and splash resistance. Each earbud weighs 4.4g and the case weighs 38.2g. 




title = "OnePlus Nord 4 and Pad 2 Will Come With AI Speak, Clear Face and Other AI Features" ,  OnePlus Nord 4 is scheduled to launch today at 6:30pm IST at the Summer Launch Event held in Milan, Italy, alongside the OnePlus Pad 2. Ahead of the official debut, the company has confirmed that both devices will be equipped with utility and camera-centric features powered by artificial intelligence (AI), including AI Speak, AI Eraser, AI Clear Face and more. This development comes after the company unveiled a new Sunset Dune variant of the OnePlus 12R in India. OnePlus Nord 4, Pad 2 AI Features In a post on its website, OnePlus confirmed that both of its upcoming devices – the OnePlus Nord 4 and OnePlus Pad 2 will get AI-powered features. The former will be equipped with AI Eraser 2.0, AI Smart Cutout 2.0, AI Clear Face, AI Speak, AI Summary, AI Writer, Recording Summary and AI Link boost. Get pawsome* pics every time with AI Clear Face— OnePlus (@oneplus) July 15, 2024 While most of these features will be available to users at launch, the AI Best Face feature will be rolled out later via an over-the-air (OTA) update, the company revealed. On the other hand, the OnePlus Pad 2 will come with AI Eraser 2.0, AI Smart Cutout 2.0, Scan Document and Recording Summary features at launch. Other features which are part of OnePlus' AI Toolbox, such as AI Speak, AI Summary and AI Writer, will be introduced later. Notably, several of the aforementioned AI features have already been introduced with the Oppo Reno 12 5G. The handset comes with AI Best Face, AI Clear Face, AI Linkboost, as well as the AI Toolbox – all of which will be brought to the OnePlus Nord 4 and OnePlus Pad 2 upon launch. OnePlus Nord 4 Specifications (Expected) OnePlus Nord 4 is reported to sport a 6.74-inch OLED display with 1.5K resolution and a refresh rate of 120Hz. The smartphone may be powered by a Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 SoC under the hood. In terms of optics, it is said to have a dual rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor and an 8-megapixel ultra-wide camera. For selfies, it may get a 16-megapixel shooter on the front. The smartphone is reported to be backed by a 5,500mAh battery with support for 100W fast charging. HMD Is Gearing Up to Launch Its First-Ever Smartphones in India


Moto G85 5G Goes on Sale in India for the First Time: See Launch Offers


Realme 13 Pro 5G Listed on Indonesia Telecom Certification Website: Report The company has confirmed that its upcoming handset will receive four Android OS updates, similar to the OnePlus 12 – the company's current flagship smartphone. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Amazon Prime Day 2024 Sale Deals: Discounts on Echo, Fire TV Stick and More Amazon Products" ,  Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale will start in India on July 20 and will last through July 21. A variety of items will be available at discounted rates, considerably lower than their usual prices. Products like personal electronic items such as smartphones, earphones, tablets and more will be available at lower prices, as well as with some lucrative bank and exchange deals. Some of these offers will also be available on smart home appliances like speakers, streaming devices and more. Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale deals on Amazon products Amazon announced in a press note that a number of its self-branded smart home appliances will be available at significantly discounted rates during the upcoming Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale. People can get Fire TV Stick, Echo smart speakers with Alexa support, and other Alexa smart home combinations with up to 55 percent discount. Customers can buy the Amazon Echo Pop at the lowest effective price of Rs. 2,449, while the Echo Show 5 (2nd Gen) can be bought at the lowest effective price of Rs. 3,999. These are currently retailing in the country at Rs. 3,999 and Rs. 8,999, respectively. Offers and deals on the Amazon Echo Show 8 (2nd Generation) can bring down the effective price to Rs. 8,999 during the sale. This is currently priced in the country at Rs. 13,999. Amazon Launches Alexa-Powered Echo Spot With a New Display Design The e-commerce site is also extending offers on combo deals on Amazon smart home products. An Echo Dot (5th Generation) and a Wipro Simple Setup 9W LED Smart Bulb can together be bought at a price of Rs. 4,749, while the combination of an Echo Dot (4th Generation) with clock and a Wipro 9W LED smart colour bulb can be purchased at Rs. 3,749 during the upcoming sale. People can also get the Echo Pop alongside a Wipro Simple Setup 9W LED Smart Bulb for Rs. 2,749 and the Echo Pop together with an Amazon Smart Plug at Rs. 2,948. Amazon Prime Day 2024 Discounts Revealed Ahead of Sale: Check Top Deals


Amazon Prime Day: Galaxy M35, iQoo Z9 Lite and More New Phones to Launch During the sale, customers can also get the Fire TV Stick at the lowest possible price of Rs. 2,199, down 56 percent from its usual price of Rs. 4,499. The Fire TV Stick Lite with Alexa Voice Remote Lite can be purchased at the lowest effective price of Rs. 1,999, while the Fire TV Stick 4K can be bought with a 43 percent discount at Rs. 3,999, down from its retail price of Rs. 5,999. Interested buyers can also get smart television with inbuilt Fire TV with discounts of up to 50 percent. 




title = "HMD Global to Launch HMD Crest, Crest Max As Its First Smartphones in India Soon" ,  HMD Global, the Finnish mobile manufacturer and the parent company of Nokia, may be gearing up to launch two smartphones in India soon. The HMD Crest and Crest Max will be the first-ever smartphones launched by the company in the country. While no details have been revealed, HMD is hosting an event on July 25, and reports speculate it may be related to its upcoming smartphones. This builds upon a previous confirmation by the company on social media regarding the launch of its first smartphone in India and its naming. HMD Crest, Crest Max Launch in India According to the official HMD website, the company has settled on Crest and Crest Max as the monikers of its upcoming handsets. This development takes place following a contest held by the company on the social media platform X (formerly Twitter), inviting people to help name its first-ever smartphones in India. On July 7, HMD revealed that it had settled upon “Arrow” as the moniker for its upcoming smartphones but was forced to drop it due to “legal reasons”. After due deliberation, HMD has confirmed that “Crest” has been chosen as the identifier for its smartphone series. Its lineup will include two smartphones – HMD Crest and HMD Crest Max. The moment you've all been waiting for is finally here! We're thrilled to announce the name of India's first HMD smartphone: HMD CREST.Keep an eye on our feed as we prepare for the big launch! Exciting things are in store for you.#HMD #HMDCrest #ComingSoon #HumanMobileDevices pic.twitter.com/rm5JxJn3IX— HMD India (@HMDdevicesIN) July 12, 2024 At present, HMD Global sells three smartphones in India under its umbrella, the Nokia C32, Nokia C22 and Nokia G42 5G. However, none of them carry the HMD branding. While the company did not delve into any details about its upcoming launches, one of the smartphones could be a rebranded version of HMD Pulse, which debuted in Europe in April. Other HMD Smartphones in Development HMD Global is also reported to be developing multiple smartphones, including two midrange devices and a rugged handset. The smartphones are reported to have similar specifications to the Pulse handsets and may carry the monikers HMD Nighthawk, HMD Tomcat and HMD Project Fusion, respectively. Realme 13 Pro 5G Listed on Indonesia Telecom Certification Website: Report


Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, Redmi K70 Ultra Set to Debut on This Date


Poco Launches C61 Airtel Exclusive Edition With Free Prepaid Data Furthermore, the company is also speculated to be developing an HMD View and a Nokia Lumia-inspired smartphone, dubbed HMD Skyline. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Moto G85 5G Goes on Sale in India for the First Time Today: Price, Specifications, Sale Offers" ,  Moto G85 5G will go on sale in India for the first time today (July 16) via Flipkart and Motorola India website. The 5G smartphone was launched in the country last week with Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 chipset under the hood and up to 12GB RAM. It boasts a 6.67-inch pOLED display with 120Hz refresh rate and has a dual rear camera unit headlined by a 50-megapixel main sensor. The Moto G85 5G is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 33W fast charging support. Moto G85 5G price in India, sale offers Price of Moto G85 5G starts at Rs. 17,999 for the base 8GB RAM + 128GB storage variant in India. The top-end model with 12GB RAM + 256GB storage is priced at Rs. 19,999. It is available in Olive Green, Cobalt Blue, and Urban Gray colourways. The handset will go on sale on Flipkart, Motorola.in and select retail stores at 12pm IST today. There is a Rs. 1,000 instant discount on purchases made using Axis Bank credit cards and credit card EMI transactions. Buyers can avail of either the bank discount or an exchange bonus of Rs. 1,000 on the value of the old phone while purchasing the Moto G85 5G. This will bring down the effective starting price to Rs. 16,999. The exchange discount is capped at Rs. 17,300 on Flipkart. Further, consumers can avail of up to nine months of no-cost EMI starting at Rs. 1,889 per month. Reliance Jio users can cashback worth Rs. 2,000 as well. Motorola Razr 50 Ultra With 4-Inch Outer Screen, IPX8 Rating Debuts in India Moto G85 5G specifications The dual SIM (nano) Moto G85 5G runs on Android 14-based Hello UI and Motorola is assuring two years of OS upgrades and four years of security updates for the phone. It features a 6.67-inch full-HD+ (1,080 x 2,400 pixels) 3D curved pOLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate. The screen has Corning Gorilla Glass 5 coating. It is powered by Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 chipset along with Adreno 619 GPU, 12GB of RAM and 256GB of UFS 2.2 onboard storage. The RAM can be virtually expanded up to 24GB with unused storage. The Moto G85 5G has a dual rear camera unit with a 50-megapixel Sony Lytia 600 primary sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support and an 8-megapixel ultra-wide-angle camera along with a single LED flash. It has a 32-megapixel front camera for selfies and video calls. The Moto G85 5G has an IP52-rated water-repellent build. It features an in-display fingerprint sensor for biometric authentication and supports face unlock feature. It carries stereo speakers with Dolby Atmos technology. It houses a 5,000mAh battery with 33W wired fast charging support. The battery is said to deliver up to 34 hours of playtime on a single charge. Moto S50 Neo With Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC Launched at This Price    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Visa Partners Wirex to Offer Crypto Payment Services to Merchants Globally" ,  Crypto payments are still not as popular as other Web3 services because of the volatility of crypto assets as well as the dearth of services that allow and accept settlements in cryptocurrencies. Card payments giant Visa is exploring the sector of crypto payments on a global level, coming up with different means to facilitate crypto payments. In the latest development, Visa has struck a partnership with Wirex to bring crypto payment services to merchants around the world. An alternative to banking, Wirex allows people to process transactions in traditional currencies as well as through crypto assets. The London, UK-headquartered firm confirmed this partnership with Visa on July 16 through a thread of posts on X. As per the announcement, Visa will provide its vast and established network to Wirex, and the latter will deploy its crypto payment services to Visa's merchant userbase. "Partnering with Wirex to help integrate blockchain technology with traditional finance, including the launch of Wirex Pay, aligns closely with our vision for the future of payments while highlighting the importance of collaboration in driving fintech innovation,” Cuy Sheffield, Head of Crypto at Visa, was quoted by Wirex as commenting on the development. Non-Profit Council to Tackle Blockchain Threats Formed by These Crypto Firms 6/ This collaboration significantly enhances Wirex Pay's potential, setting a new standard in the payment industry.Stay tuned for more exciting updates! :rocket:— Wirex Pay :first_place_medal::credit_card: (@wirexpaychain) July 15, 2024 App-chain Launch Seals the Deal Wirex has designed a special payment app chain called Wirex Pay to conduct crypto transactions. The development and testing of this Polygon-based chain was initiated by Wirex last year, its team had said in a blog post published in September 2023. “Wirex Pay is built on Zero-Knowledge technology, ensuring compatibility with the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). It is designed for rapid transactions, ensuring users experience swift and efficient payments. It offers near instant and secure interoperability with all other Polygon chains,” the post had explained at the time. Bihar Officials Plan Uniform Blockchain for IT, E-Governance Uses The Wirex Token (WXT) will be the native token for processing gas fee transactions on Wirex Pay. As per the company's posts on X, the mainnet launch of Wirex Pay is around the corner. The exact date of the launch remains unclear for now. “Together, Visa and Wirex are committed to developing projects that integrate blockchain technology with traditional financial systems. Visa will support Wirex's growth in existing markets through enhanced marketing efforts, leveraging Visa assets and capabilities,” the official press release about the development noted. Visa, Wirex Move Forward in Experimenting with DeFi Wirex claims to be catering to over six million users across 130 nations, including India. Back in 2022, Wirex had expanded its non-custodial Wirex Wallet service in India, in an attempt to contribute to driving DeFi towards mass adoption. Whether or not Wirex is FIU-registered in India also remains unclear for now. As far as Visa is concerned, the US-based cards payment giant has been taking regular steps to experiment with Web3 sector, especially through partnerships. In January, for instance, Visa partnered Web3 firm Transak to finetune its crypto payment service. Before stepping down as the CEO in 2023, Visa's Al Kelly had said that blockchain-based stablecoins and the concept of central bank digital currencies (CBDCs) were here to stay and become part of existing global financial systems.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme 13 Pro 5G Reportedly Spotted on Indonesian Certification Website, Confirming Its Moniker" ,  Realme 13 Pro 5G is confirmed to launch in India on July 30, alongside the Realme 13 Pro+ 5G. Ahead of its official debut, the standard variant has reportedly been spotted on the Indonesian certification website, hinting at its model number and other details. This development surfaced just a day after the company confirmed and teased the smartphone's design and revealed key information about its camera system, possible colourways and finishes. Realme 13 Pro 5G Certification According to a MySmartPrice report, Realme 13 Pro 5G was listed on the Indonesia Telecom certification website with the model number RMX3988. It also reportedly sports the ‘Realme 13 Pro 5G' name, confirming the moniker. While the listing did not reveal any other details about the handset, it was also reported to be spotted in an FCC listing, which suggested it may come with dual-SIM capabilities. Alongside the Realme 13 Pro 5G, the certification website also has a mention of another smartphone with model number RMX 3921. While it is not official, this could be the Realme 13 Pro+ 5G, which is scheduled to launch alongside the smartphone as part of the Realme 13 Pro 5G series. Xiaomi Mix Flip Spotted on Geekbench With a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Chipset Realme 13 Pro 5G Specifications (Expected) Realme says its upcoming smartphone has been designed in collaboration with the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston (MFA) and sports an aesthetic inspired by French painter Claude Monet. It is confirmed to be available in three colourways: Monet Purple and Monet Gold, both with a glass back and an Emerald Green finish in vegan leather. The smartphone may reportedly come in four configurations: 8GB+128GB, 8GB+256GB, 12GB+256GB, and 12GB+512GB. The handset is said to have been spotted on Geekbench, powered by a Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC. It may have four performance cores capped at 2.40GHz and four efficiency cores clocked at 1.96GHz. Realme 13 Pro 5G may come equipped with Adreno 710 GPU. Honor Magic V3 Powered by Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC Debuts in China


Huawei Tri-Fold Smartphone With 10-Inch Screen May Launch Soon Teaser images shared by the company suggest it may feature a large circular camera island on the back, housing a triple camera setup and an LED flash, similar to its predecessor. As per Realme, Realme 13 Pro 5G, along with its other sibling, is dubbed as the “first professional AI camera phone”. It carries a “Hyperimage+” branding embossed at the bottom of the camera module. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme Watch S2 India Launch Date Set for July 30; Retail Box Leaks Online" ,  Realme Watch S2 is confirmed to launch in India soon. The company has announced the arrival of the smartwatch in the country and teased some of its capabilities. It is expected to succeed the Realme Watch S, which was introduced in November 2020. Meanwhile, the design and key features of the upcoming smartwatch have surfaced online via a retail box leak ahead of the launch. Notably, the smart wearable will be unveiled alongside the Realme 13 Pro 5G series. Realme Watch S2 India launch date The Realme Watch S2 is confirmed to launch in India on July 30 at 12pm (noon) IST. The promotional image seen in the official teaser hints at a round, blue dial. It also shows that the smartwatch will feature an AI voice assistant. The company further confirmed in a press note that the Realme Watch S2 will be equipped with AI-backed Personal Assistance powered by ChatGPT. We can expect to learn more about this feature closer to the launch date. Realme 13 Pro 5G Series Set to Launch in India on This Day Realme Watch S2 design, features (expected) The complete design of the Realme Watch S2 has meanwhile surfaced online via a leaked retail box image. Shared by tipster Ishan Agarwal (@ishanagarwal24), the image shows the watch with a round dial and a rotating crown on the right edge. Exclusive: Realme is launching a new smartwatch in 🇮🇳 India!The realme Watch S2 will be released alongside the realme 13 Pro series.Here's an image of the box, which shows- Round dial- Link watch strap- Bluetooth calling#realmeWatchS2 #realme13ProSeries pic.twitter.com/BDs3vY28UL— Ishan Agarwal (@ishanagarwal24) July 15, 2024 The leaked retail box image showed that the Realme Watch S2 will come with a link watch strap and support Bluetooth calling. It is also expected to be equipped with sports modes and health monitoring sensors. Realme GT 6T Miracle Purple Colourway to Go on Sale During Amazon Prime Day


Realme GT 6 Debuts in China With Different Chipset, Bigger Battery Notably, the Realme Watch S launched alongside a Pro variant, and carried a 1.3-inch circular display with 2.5D-curved Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection, an IP68-rated build and a 390mAh battery claimed to offer up to 15 days of usage on a single charge. The Realme Watch S and Watch S Pro launched in India at prices of Rs. 4,999 and Rs. 9,999, respectively. 




title = "Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Launch Date Set for July 19; Redmi K70 Ultra to Debut Alongside" ,  Xiaomi has finally confirmed the launch date of Xiaomi Mix Fold 4. The foldable will be introduced alongside Redmi K70 Ultra in China later this week. The announcement was made via new posts on Weibo, and the posters shared by the brand reveal the design and colourways of the upcoming book-style foldable handset. The Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 is confirmed to feature an IPX8-rated water-resistant build. It will support 50W wireless charging and bring a quad rear camera setup co-engineered with Leica. The Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 will come with upgrades over the Xiaomi Mix Fold 3. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 launch date revealed Through Weibo, Xiaomi announced that the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 will be unveiled on July 19 in China at 7:00pm local time (4:30pm IST). As mentioned, the posters suggest that the foldable will be offered in blue and white shades. It is teased to come with a 9.47mm thin profile and 226 grams weight. It features a Leica Summilux quad-camera setup, comprising two telephoto dual macro cameras with 5X periscope unit. It supports 50W wireless charging and has an IPX8-rated waterproof build. The Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 is confirmed to sport a carbon body with a T800H carbon fibre hinge and stiffness of up to 5,500MPa.This carbon lightweight technology, which follows in the footsteps of Xiaomi cars, is claimed to increase the strength of the device by 300 percent. The foldable supports two-way satellite communication as well. Xiaomi Mix Flip Spotted on Geekbench With a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Chipset Alongside the Mix Fold 4, Xiaomi will launch the Redmi K70 Ultra on July 19. It is teased to get a 1.5K AMOLED screen with minimal bezels and 144Hz refresh rate. The screen is touted to offer 3,840Hz high-frequency PWM dimming and unified DC dimming. Last week, Lei Jun, founder and CEO of Xiaomi, revealed that the Mix Fold 4 and Mix Flip will be launched this month. So, we can expect Xiaomi Flip to go official at the same event as the first clamshell-style foldable from the brand. Xiaomi 14 Civi Review: Homecoming Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 is expected to run on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. It is tipped to feature a 50-megapixel primary rear camera. It could pack a 5,000mAh battery.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Poco C61 Airtel Exclusive Edition With 50GB Free Data Launched in India: Specifications, Price" ,  Poco C61 Airtel Exclusive Edition was launched in India on Monday. With this launch, Poco has partnered with Indian telecom operator Airtel to bundle a prepaid subscription and special offers with the smartphone. Consequently, buyers will be able to take advantage of free data and additional discounts on the handset. Notably, Poco C61 made its debut in India on March 26 and this recent addition is a new variant added to the lineup, without any noticeable change to its specifications. Poco C61 Airtel Exclusive Edition Price in India Poco C61 is priced in India at Rs. 8,999. However, buyers can avail of a Rs. 3,000 discount and buy the smartphone for Rs. 5,999. The regular Poco C61 variant retails for Rs. 6,499. The smartphone has been launched in three colourways: Diamond Dust Black, Ethereal Blue, and Mystical Green. It is available in a single 4GB + 64GB configuration and can be purchased on Flipkart starting July 17 at 12pm IST. Get set for a cosmic deal!The #POCOC61 Airtel Exclusive launches at a stellar price of ₹5,999 on #FlipkartGrab yours starting 17th July!Know More👉https://t.co/rTwon7n8Hg#BeyondStunning #POCOIndia #POCO #MadeOfMad pic.twitter.com/bbgXL0bqsO— POCO India (@IndiaPOCO) July 15, 2024 This collaboration between Poco and Airtel brings 50GB of free data to consumers, with an additional discount of up to Rs. 750 also on offer. Buyers can also avail of five percent cashback on transactions made through a Flipkart Axis Bank card. The smartphone is locked to an Airtel Prepaid SIM for a period of 18 months. Poco C61 Specifications Poco C61 sports a 6.71-inch HD+ display with a resolution of 1650×720 pixels. The panel has a 90Hz refresh rate and supports up to 500 nits peak brightness. It gets Gorilla Glass 3 on top for protection. The smartphone is powered by MediaTek G36 SoC under the hood, paired with up to 6GB RAM and up to 128GB eMMC 5.1 in-built storage, which is expandable up to 1TB via microSD card. It runs on MIUI based on Android 14. Honor Magic V3 Powered by Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC Debuts in China


Xiaomi Mix Flip Spotted on Geekbench With a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Chipset


Honor 200 5G Series Teased to Ship With 5,200mAh Batteries, Snapdragon SoCs In terms of optics, the handset features a dual rear camera setup, comprising an 8-megapixel primary camera and a 2-megapixel depth camera. For selfies, it has a 5-megapixel shooter on the front. It is backed by a 5,000mAh battery which supports 10W fast charging. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Pixel 9 Pro Could Reportedly Offer Free One-Year Gemini Advanced Subscription at Launch" ,  Google Pixel 9 Pro could reportedly launch with a free one-year subscription to Gemini Advanced. The Pixel 9 series, comprising of the base model, Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro XL, and the Pixel 9 Pro Fold is expected to arrive on August 13 when the tech giant hosts its annual Made by Google event. While not much is known about the devices, a new report claims that the Pro models might offer the benefits of the Gemini Advanced subscription, including 2TB of cloud storage. Pixel 9 Pro to Reportedly Get Free Gemini Advanced Subscription According to a report by 9to5Google, the details for this offer were spotted within the latest Google app beta (version 15.28). A string of code in the app contained the message, “Your Pixel Pro gives you access to a 1-year subscription to Gemini Advanced, our most capable AI model with priority access to new features, at no cost to you.” The text has not been made visible so beta users may not see it. The publication was able to access it by decompiling the Android Application Package (APK). Google Maps Update Begins Rolling Out to Users With This Redesigned Layout It is possible that the tech giant embedded this offer for the upcoming Pixel 9 Pro smartphone, and it is only triggered when the Google app is accessed using the designated phone. The report also claims that “Pro” could refer to all three models including the Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro XL, and Pixel 9 Pro Fold which are expected to make their debut at the company's event. Gemini Advanced subscription was launched by Google in February, alongside the introduction of the Gemini Pro artificial intelligence (AI) model. It has since been replaced with the Gemini 1.5 Pro AI model with a one million token context window. It is part of the Google One AI Premium plan. Subscribers will be able to use Gemini features across Google's apps such as Gmail, Docs, Sheets, and more. Google Pixel 9 Pro XL Spotted on REL Website Alongside Pixel 9 Pro Fold


Google DeepMind Is Making Gemini AI-Integrated Smarter Robots The company will also offer subscribers a chance to use the new and experimental features before others. Alongside, users will also get 2TB of cloud storage and all other Google One benefits. Currently, the Gemini Advanced subscription is available in India at the price of Rs. 1,950 a month. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iOS 18 May Let Users Recover ‘Accidentally’ Deleted Photos and Videos on iPhone: Report" ,  iOS 18, the next operating system update for the iPhone, was showcased at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10. Although Apple did showcase several key features arriving with the update, the rollout of iOS 18 Developer Beta and recently public beta has led to discoveries of other new features that the update might include. One of the features is reported to be a ‘Recovered' album in Photos which, as the name suggests, may let users retrieve some of the photos which may have been accidentally deleted and thought to be lost forever. Recovered Album in iOS 18 According to a 9to5Mac report, the Recovered album shows up in the Utilities section in the Photos app on iPhone, following the iOS 18 update. It is reported to be visible next to the Recently Deleted tab. The feature is speculated to identify and catalogue photos and videos on the user's device if they are not found to show up in Photos. This may include media that has a damaged database or those which don't get saved in the photo library upon capture. However, it is suspected to be different from the Recently Deleted option which simply retains the deleted media in a folder up to 30 days after its deletion. It is unclear if the photos and videos in the Recovered tab will follow the same auto-delete schedule or stay in the iPhone library forever. UTM SE Arrives as the First PC Emulator for iPhone, iPad on the App Store The report speculates that this feature may be in response to a bug reported in the iOS 17.5 update which resulted in the surfacing of media which users thought they had deleted permanently. As per the company, it occurred with “photos that experienced database corruption”. The issue was reported to have been fixed with iOS 17.5.1 update which arrived a few weeks ago. iPhone 16 Pro Models May Let You Top Up Their Batteries Faster


Apple Seeds iOS 17.6 Public Beta 3 for iPhone With Bug Fixes Alongside the iPhone, the Recovered option in the Photos app is also reported to arrive with iPadOS 18 and macOS Sequoia updates for the iPad and Mac, respectively. This development coincides with the rollout of the iOS 18 Public Beta, weeks after it was introduced to the developers. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iOS 18, iPadOS 18 Public Beta Released: How to Install, Features, More" ,  Apple has seeded the first iOS 18, iPadOS 18, macOS Sequoia, watchOS 11, and tvOS 18 public beta, providing non-developers a safer way to try the upcoming operating systems. The iOS 18 offers a wide range of new features for compatible iPhone users including home screen customisation options, a revamped Control Centre, RCS support, a redesigned Photos app, iPhone Mirroring to macOS, and much more. Apple's updated iPhone, iPad, and Mac operating systems are likely to be announced in September, alongside the iPhone 16 series. How to install iOS 18 public beta iPhone users with compatible devices can head to Settings > General > Software Update > Beta Updates, and then select iOS 18 Public Beta and hit Download and Install to give iOS 18 beta a try. Users can also download the iOS 18, iPadOS 18, macOS Sequoia, watchOS 11, and tvOS 18 betas with Apple ID on the Apple Beta Software Program page. Users can provide feedback directly to Apple using the Feedback Assistant app. The new operating systems are in public beta and may have unknown bugs and glitches. It is recommended to avoid downloading this onto your daily driver. Users must also back up their data before starting the download process on their devices and it is recommended to connect the device to an energy source until it finishes installing the beta. iPhone 16 Pro Models May Let You Top Up Their Batteries Faster What's new in iOS 18? The public iOS 18 beta offers support for RCS messaging through the Messages app and provides home screen customization options that let users place icons and widgets wherever they want to on the home screen. The Photos app gets a new layout in the latest version. iOS 18 brings support for third-party controls in the Control Center and dark mode variants for app icons. The iPadOS 18 public beta also brings similar improvements. It adds a native Calculator app to the iPad. Apple's artificial intelligence (AI)-based Intelligence features are not included in the iOS 18 public beta. These features are expected to be released in the coming months. They are exclusive to the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max models as well as the latest Macs and iPads. Apple Eyes to Start iPad, AirPods Charging Case Production in India: Report The public beta of watchOS 11 includes features like rest days, Live activities and Apple's Vitals app. The Sequoia public beta adds the ability to mirror an iPhone on a Mac screen and dedicated apps for passwords. The tvOS 18 beta adds the Amazon X-Ray-like InSight feature for Apple TV Plus content. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple HomePod Mini Introduced in New Midnight Colour Option in India: Check Price" ,  Apple's HomePod Mini has been unveiled in a new colour option. The speaker was initially unveiled alongside the iPhone 12 series in October 2020. It comes with a light-emitting touch panel on top which allows users to control volume and supports Ultra WideBand (UWB) technology. It is powered by an in-house S5 chipset and an additional U1 chip to enable UWB support. The smart speaker is compatible with an iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, as well as car speakers with the CarPlay function. Apple HomePod Mini colour options, price in India, availability The Apple HomePod Mini, priced at Rs. 10,900, has been introduced in a new colour option named Midnight. Apple says that this variant is made with 100 percent recycled mesh fabric. It will be available for sale in India, the US and 30 other countries worldwide starting July 17. The new colourway is similar to the Space Grey option that the HomePod Mini initially launched with. After the new Midnight shade was unveiled, the online listing of the speaker did not display the grey option. Therefore, the new colour option seems to have replaced the grey one. Apple May Bring Out a Touchscreen HomePod with AI Features Alongside the new Midnight shade, the Apple HomePod Mini is also currently available in the India in blue, orange, white and yellow colourways. Apple HomePod Mini specifications, features The Apple HomePod Mini is powered by the Apple S5 chipset and an additional U1 chip to enable UWB support which allows it to track other Apple devices for media controls as well as interacting with other smart home devices. It also sports a touch-sensitive light-emitting panel on top which allows users to control the volume of the device. Apple's Purported LCD-Equipped HomePod Display Part Leaked: See Image


New Evidence of Apple HomePod With Display Surfaces in tvOS 17.4 Beta 3 The HomePod Mini allows people to use the Intercom feature to send messages from one unit to another. It is compatible with an iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, as well as car speakers with the CarPlay function. The smart speaker is equipped with Siri but the requests to the voice assistant are not associated with an Apple ID. 




title = "Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series to Be Launched in October, Tipster Claims" ,  Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 series launch timeline has been leaked by a tipster. The successor to the Galaxy Tab S9 series is expected to arrive later this year, around the time when the South Korean tech giant may also introduce the Samsung Galaxy S24 FE. In the last month, multiple rumours about the purported Galaxy Tab S10 series have also surfaced, with one report claiming that the series could be introduced without a standard model. It is also said that the Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra might retain the design of its predecessor. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Launch Timeline (Leaked) Tipster Max Jambor (@MaxJmb) claims in an X (formerly known as Twitter) post that the Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 series could be launched in October. When asked whether the tablet will be released alongside the rumoured Samsung Galaxy S24 FE or separately, the tipster said that it would “make sense” to announce them together. No other details related to the launch of the tablets were provided by Jambor. On the other hand, previous leaks have revealed quite a lot about the upcoming Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 series. One report claims that the base model might not be launched this year. If that is true, Samsung might only introduce the Galaxy Tab S10+ and Tab S10 Ultra. Samsung, Apple Lead Global Smartphone Shipments in Q2 2024: IDC The company is reportedly trying to streamline its tablet offerings to compete with Apple — the latter launched the 11-inch and 13-inch iPad Pro and iPad Air models recently. The aforementioned report also states that the two Galaxy Tab S10 models could go into production this month. Meanwhile, a new Samsung tablet model was also spotted on Geekbench. The listing reveals that a tablet with the model number SM-X828U — said to pertain to the Galaxy Tab S10+. The listing highlights that the device could be equipped with the MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset. The device is also spotted to support 12GB of RAM and run on Android 14. Samsung Could Launch Its First-Ever XR Headset Next Year


Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra May Get Major Changes to Its Design The Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra's leaked renders were also spotted recently. The renders showcase a design similar to the predecessor with dual front cameras housed within a notch, and the power and volume buttons placed on the right side of the tablet. It is also said to feature a similar display to the 14.6-inch AMOLED screen in the current model. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Kraken, Coinbase and Blockchain Firms Aim to Tackle Emerging Threats With Blockchain Security Standards Council" ,  Crypto exchanges and blockchain firms have launched a special initiative called the Blockchain Security Standards Council (BSSC) in order to open discussions around the security provisions related to blockchain technology. Kraken, Coinbase, Ribbit Capital, and Sentinel Global are some of the crypto firms that have formed the BSSC. The security of blockchain-based systems has taken centre stage among tech developers, as the technology continues to expand through cryptocurrencies, metaverse ecosystems, DeFi, DAOs, and NFTs. The primary aim of the non-profit BSSC council is to set and enforce security standards for the blockchain industry on a self-regulatory level. It will focus on resolving crucial security-related roadblocks that are hindering the expansion of the technology. These include protocol exploitation and fraud, according to the BSSC website. “Our Council plans to establish standards and companion audit schemes that will help establish a baseline level of trust and confidence across the different aspects of the blockchain ecosystem,” the states on its website. Why the Web3 Industry Is Asking the RBI to Define Crypto-Banking Relations As blockchain expands in its use cases, members of the BSSC will be keeping in contact with international financial authorities and law-makers to inform, and discuss with them, the ways that can protect blockchain-related technologies against malicious actors and risky reputation. “In 2024 alone, more than one hundred security exploits to the crypto industry emphasise the need for BSSC's formation. The council's initial work of establishing standards and companion audit schemes will help create a baseline level of trust and confidence across the various aspects of the blockchain ecosystem at an important time for the industry's maturation,” the council noted in its press release. The creation of audit frameworks and preparing eligibility criteria for third party auditors to join the global Web3 ecosystem is also part of the agenda of the BSSC. Bihar Officials Plan Uniform Blockchain for IT, E-Governance Uses The proliferation of awareness and education around blockchain technology is also among one of the primary goals of this newly formed body. For now crypto firms Anchorage Digital, Bastion, Figment, Fireblocks have pledged allegiance to the BSSC alongside technical audit firms Halborn and OpenZeppelin. In the coming months, the organisation plans to onboard more members from the global crypto ecosystem to be part of the council. The BSSC says that it plans to release the first set of suggestions and guidelines focussed on the security of blockchain by the end of 2024.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Maps for Android Update With Redesigned Bottom Sheet Layout Rolling Out Widely" ,  Google Maps for Android was updated with a redesigned interface earlier this year, and it is finally being rolled out to users in multiple regions. The new interface comes with a bottom sheet layout, where instead of showing the menu and information edge-to-edge, it now appears within rounded sheets that do not cover the entire space. Changes have also been made to the directions and navigation page, and a lot of the information that was shown on the top of the screen has been relocated to the bottom sheet. Notably, the redesigned interface was first spotted in February. Google Maps Redesigned Interface Rolling Out Widely The new interface was rolled out with the Google Maps for Android version 11.136.0101. Gadgets 360 was able to access the new interface with all the redesigned elements. The update has been rolled out to the public, and compatible devices should get the update in the coming days. It is not certain when the redesigned interface will be rolled out to users on iOS, where the app still displays the older interface.  Redesigned Google Maps interface on Android  Spotted first in February, the new layout is in line with Google's Material Design 3 guidelines and incorporates bottom sheets in the app. The overall appearance is also less cluttered and more immersive. The Search bar and the navigation menu (where users add their origin and destination) at the top of the screen do not occupy the entire space and the edge-to-edge layout has been ditched in favour of rounded corners. This means users can still see a bit of the map in both of the corners at the top. On the other hand, a lot of the information that was previously visible at the top of the screen has now been shifted to the bottom sheet. For instance, the location information and navigation options will be shown at the bottom — this includes the distance between two locations and the expected time to reach there. Google Maps Could Make Travelling to Same Destination Easier for Groups


Google Maps to Show EV Charging Stations, Public Transport Options Soon


Google Pixel 9 Pro XL Spotted on REL Website Alongside Pixel 9 Pro Fold Notably, the sheets also follow the curved edges style, enabling users to see more of the map through corners which used to be completely covered earlier. The new view is both more immersive and functional as it shows more context to the page. The location information screen now displays a share icon, which can be used to send information quickly via messaging, social media, and other compatible apps. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Honor Magic V3 With 120Hz OLED Display, Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC Launched in China: Specifications, Price" ,  Honor Magic V3 was launched in China on July 12. The flagship foldable smartphone sports a book-style design and comes with several upgrades over its predecessor, such as a 120Hz LTPO OLED display, Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC and 66W fast charging. It made its debut alongside the Magic Vs3 as part of the Magic V3 series. It also gets artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities embedded in its camera system, as well as user preferences. Honor Magic V3 Price Honor Magic V3 price starts at CNY 8,999 (roughly Rs. 1,04,000) for the 12GB + 256GB variant. The 12GB + 512GB and 16GB + 1TB storage configurations are priced at CNY 9,999 (roughly Rs. 1,15,000) and CNY 10,999 (roughly Rs. 1,27,000), respectively. The smartphone will be available for purchase starting July 19 in China in four colourways: black, green, red, and white. Xiaomi Mix Flip Spotted on Geekbench With a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Chipset Honor Magic V3 Specifications Honor Magic V3 features a 7.92-inch primary full HD+ LTPO OLED display with a resolution of 2,344x2,156 pixels, and a 6.43-inch LTPO OLED cover display with a 2376x1060 pixels resolution. Both screens support 4320Hz pulse width modulation (PWM) for eye protection, stylus input and up to 5,000 nits peak brightness. Under the hood, the handset is powered by the latest Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset, paired with up to 16GB LPDDR5x RAM and up to 512GB UFS 4.0 storage. It runs on MagicOS 8.0.1 based on Android 14. The smartphone also gets Honor's proprietary RF chip C1+. In terms of optics, the Honor Magic V3 sports a triple rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel primary camera with optical image stabilisation (OIS), a 50-megapixel periscope lens and a 40-megapixel ultra-wide camera. On the front, it gets a 40-megapixel wide-angle selfie shooter. The camera system comes with AI features such as AI Motion Sensing. Honor 200 5G Series Teased to Ship With 5,200mAh Batteries, Snapdragon SoCs Backing the smartphone is a 5,150mAh Silicon Carbon battery which supports up to 66W wired and 50W wireless fast charging. In terms of connectivity, the Magic V3 comes with dual-SIM capabilities with 5G, Wi-Fi 7, Bluetooth 5.3, OTG and a USB Type-C port. It boasts navigational prowess courtesy of support for BeiDou, GLONASS, Galileo, and A-GPS. Oppo Find X8 Series to Be Powered by This MediaTek Chipset, Tipster Claims Depending on the variant, the foldable smartphone weighs 226g (leather) and 230g (glass). It is IPX8-rated against dust and water ingress. The Magic V3 also features the AI defocus technology which Honor showcased at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai in June. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Xiaomi Mix Flip With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC Listed on Geekbench Ahead of Launch: Report" ,  Xiaomi Mix Flip is set to arrive as the company's first clamshell-style foldable smartphone later this month in China, alongside the larger Xiaomi Mix Fold 4. Ahead of the official launch of the handset, a Geekbench listing has revealed some of the key specifications of the upcoming foldable phone. As per the benchmark entry, the Xiaomi Mix Flip will run on a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC from Qualcomm. It could ship with Android 14 and the firm's HyperOS skin on top. The Xiaomi Mix Flip is expected to offer performance that is on par with the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6, which runs on the same chipset. Xiaomi Mix Flip Spotted on Geekbench Ahead of Launch The purported Xiaomi Mix Flip was spotted by MySmartPrice on Geekbench with model number 2405CPX3DC. The benchmark appears to have been run on Monday, and suggests that the handset scored 2,087 points in the single-core benchmark test and 6,282 points in the multi-core test. The listing for the smartphone on Geekbench appears to confirm the presence of an octa-core CPU with a 2.27GHz base frequency and 3.30GHz peak frequency. These CPU speeds are associated with the current flagship Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset from Qualcomm. Redmi K70 Ultra, Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, Mix Flip Tipped to Debut on This Date We can also expect Xiaomi's next foldable phone to run on Android 14, and it is likely to arrive with HyperOS on top, as per the listing. Meanwhile, it is also expected to be equipped with 10.92GB of RAM on the Xiaomi Mix Flip — this suggests that the phone will have at least 12GB of RAM. Xiaomi Mix Flip Price, Specifications (Leaked) As per past leaks, the Xiaomi Mix Flip will be priced at CNY 5,999 (roughly Rs. 69,000). It was earlier spotted on the National Communications Commission (NCC) website in Taiwan and the IMEI database with model number 2405CPX3DG. The Xiaomi Mix Flip is expected to sport a display with a 1.5K resolution. It could also feature a dual rear camera unit, comprising a 50-megapixel OV50E primary sensor, and a 60-megapixel OV60A secondary sensor with a 2x optical zoom. It is likely to feature a 32-megapixel selfie sensor. The phone is said to pack a 4,700mAh battery and offer 67W fast charging support. Redmi Note 14 Pro Early Leak Suggests 50-Megapixel Main Camera    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Approves UTM SE as First PC Emulator for iPhone, iPad on the App Store" ,  Apple on Sunday approved UTM Slow Edition (SE) on the App Store, making it the first PC emulator to be listed on its app marketplace. The decision came a month after the Cupertino-based tech giant rejected the application of the PC emulator, citing its existing policy. Notably, the company said it would only allow emulators for retro games and not those that emulate PC systems while explaining the rejection. The iPhone maker has yet to reveal the reason behind the revised decision. UTM SE Launched as First PC Emulator on the App Store Announcing the new development in a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), the official handle of UTM said, “We are happy to announce that UTM SE is available (for free) on iOS and visionOS App Store.” The emulator company also highlighted that UTM SE will soon be launched on AltStore PAL, a third-party app marketplace for iOS users in the EU. As per the description on its App Store listing, UTM SE allows users to run old-school PC games and software. It supports VGA mode for both graphics as well as on terminal mode for text-only operating systems. The app can emulate architectures such as X86, PPC, and RISC-V. The app claims that it will let users run both pre-built machines and allow them to configure machines from scratch. The app is built on top of the Quick Emulator (QEMU) machine emulator. CCI Antitrust Probe Finds Apple Abused Position in Apps Market in India In April, Apple revised its policies to finally allow emulators to be listed on its app marketplace for iPhone and iPad. However, at the time, the company specified that it would only allow retro game console emulators. Last month, it rejected UTM's application to be listed on the App Store citing that it does not qualify for the platform as it is not a game emulator. “We will adhere by Apple's content and policy decision because we believe UTM SE (which does not have JIT) is a subpar experience and isn't worth fighting for. We do not wish to invest any additional time or effort trying to get UTM SE in the App Store or third-party stores unless Apple changes their stance,” the company said after the rejection. EU Approves Apple NFC in Europe After It Agrees to Make Suggested Changes


Moving Data from Google Photos to iCloud Photos May Soon Become Easier The approval now points towards further policy changes made by the tech giant. Whether this was an exception since UTM SE does not use the Just-In-Time (JIT) compiler (iOS does not allow JIT-based apps), or if Apple will allow more PC and software emulators is not known at present. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung, Apple Lead Global Smartphone Market as Q2 2024 Shipments Grow 6.5 Percent: IDC" ,  Global smartphone shipments rose 6.5 percent in the second quarter, driven by Samsung Electronics and Apple, preliminary data from IDC showed on Monday, but a full recovery in demand is yet to come around as it remained challenged in some markets. Samsung held the first spot with an 18.9 percent share of shipments in the second quarter, followed by Apple with a 15.8 percent share and Xiaomi with 14.8 percent. Global shipments grew for the fourth consecutive quarter, according to the research firm, as smartphone makers look to Artificial Intelligence (AI) to entice price-wary consumers and capture a larger market share. Motorola Razr 50 Ultra Review There is "lots of excitement" in the smartphone market, thanks to higher average selling prices and the buzz around gen AI smartphones, which are expected to capture 19 percent of the market this year, said Nabila Popal, research director with IDC's Worldwide Tracker team. "As Apple and Samsung both continue to push the top of the market and benefit the most from the ongoing premiumisation trend, many leading Chinese OEMs are increasing shipments in the low end in an attempt to capture volume share amid weak demand," Popal said, adding that the share of mid-range devices is challenged, as a result. Apple held its developer conference last month where it showcased new AI features for its iPhones powered by OpenAI's ChatGPT. Oppo Reno 12 Pro Review: Stylish Performer Packed with Useful AI Features Samsung also held its Galaxy Unpacked event last week where it announced new models for its Galaxy fold and flip as well as new AI features. © Thomson Reuters 2024  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Honor 200 5G Series Indian Variants Confirmed to Ship With 5,200mAh Batteries, Snapdragon SoCs, More" ,  Honor 200 5G and Honor 200 Pro 5G will be released in India on July 18. As the launch date is nearing, Honor has revealed key specifications of the Honor 200 5G series. They are teased to come with a 5,200mAh battery with 100W wired fast charging support. The Pro model is confirmed to feature a vapour chamber for heat dissipation and the company's in-house C1 RF chip for enhancing telecommunication capabilities. They will ship with Snapdragon chipsets and MagicOS 8.0 based on Android 14. Honor 200 5G series specifications confirmed ahead of India launch Through a press release on Monday, Honor stated that the Honor 200 5G series will feature the segment's first second-generation silicon-carbon battery, which follows in the footsteps of electric vehicle (EV) car batteries. The duo is confirmed to pack a 5,200mAh battery with 100W fast wired charging support, and the battery unit is claimed to deliver improved performance in challenging low-temperature conditions. The charging technology is claimed to fully charge battery of the Honor 200 Pro in just 41 minutes. The phone will support 66W wireless charging as well. The Honor 200 Pro is confirmed to include a stainless-steel vapour chamber with a heat dissipation area of 36,881 mm square for thermal management. Honor claims that the new vapour chamber brings a significant 10 percent increase in the dissipation area compared to the Honor 90. It will be equipped with the Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 mobile platform with a CPU clock speed of up to 3GHz. It will also include the company's C1 + RF enhancement chipset for improved telecommunication capabilities and Internet connection. Honor Magic Vs 3 With Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC, Periscope Camera Debuts The vanilla Honor 200 will ship with a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC. The series is confirmed to pack the latest MagicOS 8.0 based on Android 14 with a range of AI-powered smart functionalities. The phones will house up to 12GB of memory and up to 512GB storage. The Honor 200 series was previously launched in China and Europe. The global variant of Honor 200 and Honor 200 Pro also run on Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 and Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipsets, respectively. The standard model is priced at GBP 499.99 (roughly Rs. 53,500) in the UK, while the Pro model is priced at GBP 699.99 (roughly Rs. 74,800).  Honor MagicPad 2 Launched Alongside Midrange Honor Pad 9 Pro: See Prices  




title = "NoiseFit Javelin With AMOLED Display, 7-Day Battery Life Launched in India: Specifications, Price" ,  NoiseFit Javelin, the latest smartwatch by Indian smart wearable brand Noise, was launched in India on Monday. According to the company, its latest smartwatch is a limited edition and co-created with reigning Olympic champion Neeraj Chopra. It boasts features such as an AMOLED display, multiple sports modes, Bluetooth calling and up to seven days of battery life. Notably, this is the second smartwatch launched by the company in subsequent months, following the launch of NoiseFit Origin in June. NoiseFit Javelin Price in India NoiseFit Javelin is priced in India at Rs. 3,999. The smartwatch is available for purchase starting today on the brand website, Amazon and Myntra. The company says the smartwatch is serialized for 2021, making it a limited edition. It is available in a single colourway: India Blue. NoiseFit Javelin Specifications NoiseFit Javelin sports a 1.46-inch AMOLED display with a resolution of 466x466 pixels. It has a circular metal dial with a rotating crown and two buttons placed on the right side of the smartwatch, along with a magnetic leather strap. Noise says it is a limited-edition smartwatch with the serial number along with Neeraj Chopra's autograph on the back. In terms of durability, the watch is rated IP68 against water and dust ingress. Samsung Could Launch Its First-Ever XR Headset Next Year Noise says its smartwatch features over 100 cloud-based watch faces. It supports Bluetooth calling via Bluetooth 5.3 and comes with Noise Tru Sync technology for quick pairing. There is also a Scheduled DND mode, which is claimed to silence distractions while exercising. Furthermore, it also has an SOS feature for safety. The smartwatch has a suite of health features including heart rate, SpO2 and step tracking, sleep monitoring and breathing practice. As per the company, it supports tracking of over 100 sports modes. NoiseFit Javelin comes with a built-in calculator, music control, and a multi-functional clock with alarm and stopwatch features. Sennheiser Momentum Sport With Adaptive ANC Launched in India: See Price


Amazfit Unveils Offers for Amazon Prime Day, May Debut Helio Ring During Sale NoiseFit Javelin can last up to seven days on a single charge, the company claims. It can get charged to 100 percent in two hours and has a standby time of 30 days. The smartwatch is compatible with both Android and iOS devices, running on Android 9.0 or later, and iOS 11.0 or later, respectively. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Huawei Tri-Fold Smartphone With 10-Inch Screen Tipped to Launch Soon, Tipster Says" ,  Huawei is reportedly working on a tri-fold smartphone which will have a large main display. It could compete with tablets in the market including the smaller variants of Apple's iPad. The handset has not yet been confirmed by the company and is currently said to be under development. While the moniker of the model is also unknown, some screen features of the purported smartphone were previously leaked by a tipster. Now, the purported launch timeline of the foldable phone has also been leaked. Huawei Tri-Fold Smartphone Launch Timeline (Leaked) The Chinese smartphone maker is planning to introduce a tri-fold smartphone later this year, according to a Weibo post by tipster Fixed Focus Digital (translated from Chinese). It is expected to be the world's first triple-folding phone and the leak suggests that it could eventually replace current foldable smartphones and even compete with widely used tablets such as the iPad. As per the leak, the Huawei triple-folding handset is not expected to be mass-produced. It is likely to be expensive and limited in stock. The company would likely aim at demonstrating a technological advancement with the product, according to the tipster. Huawei Mate 70 Series Specifications Tipped; Said to Offer Improved Camera With time, as production of the device increases and the technology matures, the price of future generations of tri-folding handsets can be expected to decrease, the Weibo post states. Huawei Triple-Folding Smartphone Features (Rumoured) A previous leak suggested that Huawei's triple-folding phone could sport a 10-inch display. The handset is expected to be equipped with a dual-hinge system, which would offer three separate screen sections. One of the rumoured sections is said to fold inwards on both sides, while another is said to fold outwards. The Huawei tri-folding smartphone has also been tipped to get improved crease control. Huawei Pura 70 Ultra, Huawei Pura 70 Pro+ Launched: See Price


Huawei MatePad SE 11 With 7,700mAh Battery, 11-inch Display Debuts The latest foldable smartphone from the company was the Huawei Pocket 2 clamshell foldable smartphone, which was unveiled in China in February. It is equipped with a 6.94-inch LTPO OLED main display and a 1.15-inch OLED cover screen, alongside a 50-megapixel quad rear camera unit and a Kirin 9000s SoC.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo Find X8 Series to Be Equipped With MediaTek Dimensity 9400 Chipset, Tipster Claims" ,  Oppo Find X8 series could soon be launched by the company, according to details shared by a tipster. The upcoming series is said to include three models — the Oppo Find X8, Find X8 Pro and Find X8 Ultra. While the launch details of the purported Find X8 series are still under wraps, a new leak has hinted at the chipset that could power these handsets. The upcoming phones are also tipped to feature a 1.5K+ resolution display. These phones are expected to arrive as the successors to the Oppo Find X7 and Find X7 Ultra that were released in January with a 32-megapixel selfie shooter, a 5,000mAh battery, and 100W charging support. Oppo Find X8 Series Specifications (Leaked) Tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) on Weibo leaked key details of the Oppo Find X8 series. The tipster hasn't mentioned the exact name of the devices, but they are likely to be the Oppo Find X8 and Find X8 Pro. These handsets are tipped to feature a display with a 1.5K+ resolution. The base model is likely to sport a 6.5-inch flat display, while the Find X8 Pro is anticipated to arrive with either a 6.7-inch or 6.8-inch micro-curved flat display. Oppo Reno 12 5G Series With AI Features Launched in India: See Price The upcoming Oppo Find X8 lineup is said to run on the rumoured MediaTek Dimensity 9400 chipset. This processor is said to be a notable upgrade over the Dimensity 9300 SoC on the Find X7 and the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset on the Find X7 Ultra. The Dimensity 9400 chipset is also expected to be featured in the rumoured Vivo X200 series. Oppo Find X8 series is expected to be unveiled in October. They could be equipped with a 6,000mAh battery. They are also expected to arrive with other hardware upgrades over their predecessors. As mentioned, the Oppo Find X7 and Oppo Find X7 Ultra were launched in China in January with a starting price tag of CNY 5,999 (roughly Rs. 70,000) and CNY 3,999 (roughly Rs. 46,000), respectively. The Ultra model came as the first phone to pack two periscope cameras. It carries a Hasselblad-branded quad rear camera setup including four 50-megapixel cameras and runs on Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. Oppo A3 With Snapdragon 695 5G SoC, 5,000mAh Battery Debuts The Oppo Find X7, in contrast, has a MediaTek Dimensity 9300 SoC under the hood. The lineup includes AMOLED screens with 120Hz dynamic refresh rate, a 32-megapixel selfie shooter, 5,000mAh battery, and 100W charging support.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 6T Miracle Purple Colour Variant Launched in India; to Go on Sale During Amazon Prime Day Sale" ,  Realme GT 6T will soon be available in a new colour variant in India. The handset's third colourway will be available for purchase in the country starting later this week, when the upcoming Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale begins. The Realme GT 6T was launched in Fluid Silver and Razor Green colourways in May. Besides the change in shade, the internals and pricing of the new colour variant are the same. It runs on a Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 chip and packs a dual rear camera setup led by a 50-megapixel primary camera. Realme GT 6T Miracle Purple Variant Price in India The new Miracle Purple colour variant of the Realme GT 6T will go on sale in India for the first time on July 20 at midnight, in time for Amazon's Prime Day sale. They will be available for purchase through Amazon and Realme's website. The Miracle Purple finish is exclusive to the 12GB + 256GB and 8GB + 256GB RAM and memory variants that are priced at Rs. 32,999 and Rs. 35,999, respectively.  Realme GT 6T Miracle Purple colour variantPhoto Credit: Realme  The new shade joins the Fluid Silver and Razor Green colour options that are already available in the country since the phone's initial release in May. Realme GT 6 Debuts in China With Different Chipset, Bigger Battery Realme GT 6T Specifications The Realme GT 6T runs on Android 14-based Realme UI 5 and is scheduled to receive three major Android OS upgrades and an additional year of security updates. It has a 6.78-inch Full-HD+ (1,264x2,780 pixels) LTPO AMOLED screen with a 1Hz-120Hz refresh rate and up to 1,000 nits peak brightness. It runs on a 4nm Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 chip with up to 12GB of LPDDR5X RAM and up to 512GB of built-in UFS 4.0 storage. For optics, the Realme GT 6T features a dual rear camera setup including a 50-megapixel primary camera with a Sony LYT-600 sensor and an 8-megapixel Sony IMX355 sensor. It carries a 32-megapixel Sony IMX615 sensor for selfies and videos. The handset comes with an in-display fingerprint sensor and it has a 5,500mAh battery with support for 120W SuperVOOC charging.  Realme Buds Air 6 New Colour Variant to Launch in India Next Week  




title = "OpenAI Employees Say Company Is Neglecting Safety and Security Protocols: Report" ,  OpenAI has been at the forefront of the artificial intelligence (AI) boom with its ChatGPT chatbot and advanced Large Language Models (LLMs), but the company's safety record has sparked concerns. A new report has claimed that the AI firm is speeding through and neglecting the safety and security protocols while developing new models. The report highlighted that the negligence occurred before the OpenAI's latest GPT-4 Omni (or GPT-4o) model was launched. Some anonymous OpenAI employees had recently signed an open letter expressing concerns about the lack of oversight around building AI systems. Notably, the AI firm also created a new Safety and Security Committee comprising select board members and directors to evaluate and develop new protocols. OpenAI Said to Be Neglecting Safety Protocols However, three unnamed OpenAI employees told The Washington Post that the team felt pressured to speed through a new testing protocol that was designed to “prevent the AI system from causing catastrophic harm, to meet a May launch date set by OpenAI's leaders.” OpenAI Working on Project 'Strawberry' for 'Deep Research' Capabilities Notably, these protocols exist to ensure the AI models do not provide harmful information such as how to build chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear (CBRN) weapons or assist in carrying out cyberattacks. Further, the report highlighted that a similar incident occurred before the launch of the GPT-4o, which the company touted as its most advanced AI model. “They planned the launch after-party prior to knowing if it was safe to launch. We basically failed at the process,” the report quoted an unnamed OpenAI employee as saying. This is not the first time OpenAI employees have flagged an apparent disregard for safety and security protocols at the company. Last month, several former and current staffers of OpenAI and Google DeepMind signed an open letter expressing concerns over the lack of oversight in building new AI systems that can pose major risks. OpenAI Said to Have Revealed Five Levels to Create Superintelligent AI The letter called for government intervention and regulatory mechanisms, as well as strong whistleblower protections to be offered by the employers. Two of the three godfathers of AI, Geoffrey Hinton and Yoshua Bengio, endorsed the open letter. Microsoft Gives Up Observer Seat on OpenAI Board Amid Regulatory Scrutiny In May, OpenAI announced the creation of a new Safety and Security Committee, which has been tasked to evaluate and further develop the AI firm's processes and safeguards on “critical safety and security decisions for OpenAI projects and operations.” The company also recently shared new guidelines towards building a responsible and ethical AI model, dubbed Model Spec. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Realme 13 Pro 5G Series India Launch Date Set for July 30; Design, Colour Options Revealed" ,  Realme 13 Pro 5G series is confirmed to launch in India later this month. The lineup will include the Realme 13 Pro 5G and the Realme 13 Pro+ 5G, which are expected to arrive as the successors to the Realme 12 Pro 5G and the Realme 12 Pro+ 5G, respectively. Previously, the company had teased the designs of the upcoming handsets and confirmed a few key camera details. Now, it has announced the launch date of the phones in the country and revealed their colour options. Realme 13 Pro 5G Series India Launch Date, Colour Options Realme 13 Pro 5G series India launch date has been set for July 30 at 12pm (noon), the company confirmed on its website. The official microsite of the lineup shows that the design of both the Realme 13 Pro 5G and the Realme 13 Pro+ 5G will be similar to their preceding models. Apart from a vegan leather finish, the upcoming handsets are teased to come with patterned glass back covers. The rear camera units of the Realme 13 Pro 5G series handsets are placed with a centre-aligned, circular module located at the top of the panel. It is framed with a golden border. The right edges of the smartphones are shown to feature the power button and volume rockers. Realme 13 Pro Series 5G to Get Ultra Clear Camera With AI Capabilities  Realme 13 Pro 5G series models seen in Monet Gold and Monet Purple shadesPhoto Credit: Realme  The Realme 13 Pro 5G is listed to arrive in Monet Gold and Monet Purple colour options, while the higher-end Realme 13 Pro+ 5G is seen in a single colourway — Monet Gold. The company confirmed in a press note that the phones will also be available in the country in an Emerald Green colourway, which will have a vegan leather finish. Realme 13 Pro+ Specifications Revealed via TENAA Listing Realme 13 Pro 5G Series Specifications (Expected) The Realme 13 Pro 5G series phones are confirmed to get a HYPERIMAGE+ camera system, which is a three-layer AI imaging technology, with support for both on-device and cloud-based AI imaging. Both handsets are also said to come with TÜV Rheinland High-Resolution Camera Certification. Realme 13 Pro 5G Series India Launch Confirmed The company has also revealed that the Realme 13 Pro+ 5G is set to sport a 50-megapixel primary Sony LYT-701 sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) and a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-600 periscope shooter with up to 3x optical zoom. 




title = "Samsung XR Headset Could Be Available for Developers in October, Launch in 2025: Report" ,  Samsung's purported XR headset may be available to developers in October this year, according to a report. The South Korean technology conglomerate, at its recent Galaxy Unpacked event, teased its extended reality (XR) platform, with TM Roh, President and Head of Mobile eXperience Business at Samsung Electronics, stating that it would be “coming this year”. Now, a new report speculates that while it may arrive for developers later in 2024, its launch for the public could be delayed till 2025. Samsung's XR Headset According to a Business Insider report, the XR headset is being developed by Samsung in collaboration with Google. Thus, it is speculated to run on some form of Android firmware provided by the latter, dubbed Android XR, which is currently in internal development. However, the device reportedly isn't ready yet and its launch may get delayed to Q1 2025, likely until March next year. Before the device becomes available to the public, Samsung is tipped to introduce an early version of its XR headset, codenamed “Moohan”, for developers by October this year. The report further adds that this is not the first instance that the headset's release date has been pushed back, with it facing multiple delays related to the refinement of the technology involved. Sony's XR Headset With 4K OLED Microdisplays Will Launch Later This Year Notably, XR is an umbrella term which encompasses all three visual technologies: augmented reality (AR), virtual reality (VR) and mixed reality (MR). While Samsung has dipped its toes in the world of VR with its Gear VR, it will be the first time an XR headset is introduced by the technology giant. It may be powered by a Qualcomm processor, which is speculated to be the Snapdragon XR2 Gen2+ platform developed for bringing AR and MR experiences to devices, harnessing artificial intelligence (AI). Apple Vision Pro Now Allows Alternative Payment Options in the EU


Meta Quest May Soon Let You Place Windows Anywhere, Like the Vision Pro With its headset, Samsung is speculated to compete against companies such as Apple and Meta which already have their own mixed reality headsets in the market. According to a report from November 2023, Samsung (at the time) targeted selling 30,000 units of the XR headset initially. The OLEDoS (OLED on Silicon) displays used for the headset are tipped to be developed by Samsung Display – the company's own display manufacturing unit. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Portrait Mode Delivers ‘Unsatisfactory’ Images for Certain Skin Tones Due to AI Bias, Poor Tuning: Study" ,  Portrait mode photography on smartphones might have 'biases' that result in lower quality images of subjects with darker skin tones, according to a study. The portrait mode effect on smartphones is digitally achieved by using depth-sensing technology to separate the subject from the background of the photo. However, the result can range from impressive to unsatisfactory depending on the scene, lighting conditions, and even the subject. A new study has claimed that individuals with darker skin tones might get a less desirable output compared to those with lighter skin tones. Portrait Images Might Be Affected by AI Training Bias Smartphone camera testing website DxOMark, published the results of a study conducted in mid 2023. The study aimed to measure user preferences on people's pictures taken using portrait photography modes on smartphones. The publication used flagship smartphones that were launched in late 2022 and early 2023. As part of the study, 405 scenes were captured using 83 regular consumers who modelled for the photos. The publication also developed a 'Satisfaction Index' to convert people's opinions into a score out of 100. The study found that while portrait mode photos scored lower than expectations, there was also a disparity in images captured of individuals with darker skin tones compared to those with lighter skin tones. With darker skin tones, issues such as over-exposing the subject, under-exposing the background, and enhancing the brightness of the skin tone were noted.  Image disparity with respect to different skin tones and the Satisfaction Index scorePhoto Credit: DxOMark  Highlighting possible reasons for the issue, the study stated that bias in the training data of artificial intelligence (AI) could cause such an issue. Most portrait mode technologies in smartphones use AI for scene detection, semantic segmentation, and deep learning. The study speculates that if the data used by the AI includes a disproportional number of individuals with lighter skin tones, it could result in inaccuracies when rendering darker skin tones. Citing a 2018 paper titled Gender Shades: Intersectional Accuracy Disparities in Commercial Gender Classification by the MIT Media Lab, the study mentioned, “Darker females have the highest error rates for all gender classifiers ranging from 20.8 − 34.7 percent. For Microsoft and IBM classifiers, lighter males are the best-classified group with 0.0 and 0.3 percent error rates respectively. Face++ classifies darker males best with an error rate of 0.7 percent.” However, AI bias is one of the two possible reasons behind it, as per the study. Another reason cited was the poor tuning of the cameras. The publication highlighted that it is not possible to tune a camera that can render optimal pictures in all scenarios and for all skin tones. Some manufacturers prioritise one type of optimisation over the other, which can often lead to these inaccuracies. OpenAI Working on Project 'Strawberry' for 'Deep Research' Capabilities


OpenAI Said to Have Revealed Five Levels to Create Superintelligent AI


Google DeepMind Is Making Gemini AI-Integrated Smarter Robots The publication highlighted that such studies were important in gauging consumer satisfaction and concerns. The feedback can play an important role in improving the technologies to cater to all demographics. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iQoo Z9 Lite 5G With 50-Megapixel Rear Camera, Dimensity 6300 Chipset Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  iQoo Z9 Lite 5G was launched in India on Monday as the company's latest budget entry in its Z-series of smartphones. It is powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset, paired with up to 6GB of RAM. The handset runs on Funtouch OS 14, which is based on Android 14. The iQoo Z9 Lite has a 50-megapixel rear camera, and packs a 5,000mAh battery. It also features an 8-megapixel selfie camera that is housed in a water-drop style cutout at the top of a 6.56-inch LCD screen. iQoo Z9 Lite 5G Price in India, Availability iQoo Z9 Lite 5G price in India is set at Rs. 10,499 for the base model with 4GB of RAM and 128GB of inbuilt storage. Meanwhile, a 6GB memory variant with the same amount of storage is available for Rs. 11,499, according to the company. Customers can also avail of a Rs. 500 instant discount on ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank debit card and credit card, and EMI transactions, and the offer will be valid until July 31, according to the company. Honor Magic Vs 3 With Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC, Periscope Camera Debuts The handset will be sold in Aqua Flow and Mocha Brown colour options and will be available to purchase starting on July 20, via Amazon, the company's online store, as well as retail outlets in the county. iQoo Z9 Lite 5G Specifications The dual-SIM (Nano) iQoo Z9 Lite 5G runs on Android 14-based Funtouch OS 14 and sports a 6.56-inch HD+ (720x1,612 pixels) LCD screen with a 90Hz refresh rate. It is powered by a 6nm MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset that is paired with up to 6GB of RAM. iQoo has equipped its latest Z-series handset with a 50-megapixel primary camera (f/1.8), along with a 2-megapixel depth sensor (f/2.4). It also has an 8-megapixel camera (f/2.0) on the front, that can be used to capture selfies and video chats. OnePlus 12R Gets Sunset Dune Colourway in India With Free OnePlus Buds 3 You get 128GB of inbuilt storage on the iQoo Z9 Lite 5G. Connectivity options include 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.4, GPS, and a USB Type-C port. It features an accelerometer, e-compass, as well as proximity and ambient light sensors. OnePlus Nord 4 to Get as Many Android OS Updates as the OnePlus 12 The iQoo Z9 Lite 5G has a 5,000mAh battery that can be charged at 15W using the included charger. The handset features a side mounted fingerprint scanner for biometric authentication. It has an IP64 rating for dust and splash resistance. Besides, it measures 163.63x75.58x8.3mm and weighs 185g. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Bitcoin Sees Strong Recovery as Pro-Crypto Donald Trump's Favourability Soars in US Presidential Race" ,  Bitcoin saw a strong recovery on Monday, after the currency hit a slump in market momentum last week owing to macro-economic conditions that imposed selling pressure on investors. At present, Bitcoin is trading at $62,796 (roughly Rs. 52.4 lakh) after seeing a price rise of 4.82 percent over the last 24 hours. The asset is trading at $66,037 (roughly Rs. 55 lakh) on national exchanges like WazirX, with an increase of four percent since Sunday. Ether joined BTC on the route to recovery. Ether, at the time of writing, is trading at $3,331 (roughly Rs. 2.78 lakh) on international exchanges after seeing a gain of 4.11 percent in the last 24 hours. As per the crypto price tracker by Gadgets360, the value of ETH stands at $3,531 (roughly Rs. 2.95 lakh). “An assassination attempt on the former US President Donald Trump has significantly influenced market sentiment, as Trump's odds of winning the 2024 election have risen to 70 percent according to various analyses. Trump's pro-crypto stance, emphasising the protection of individual's rights to own cryptoassets, has further fueled positive sentiment within the crypto community,” the CoinSwitch Markets Desk told Gadgets360. “Ethereum outperformed Bitcoin in weekly gains with a rise above $3,300 (roughly Rs. 2.75 lakh). Market participants are also optimistic about the approval of spot Ether ETFs expected this week, which could boost interest in Ethereum,” Mudrex CEO Edul Patel said. Bihar Officials Plan Uniform Blockchain for IT, E-Governance Uses The prices of Solana, Ripple, Dogecoin, Cardano, Shiba Inu, and Avalanche saw a notable increase on Monday. Meanwhile, Polkadot, Chainlink, Leo, Polygon, Uniswap, Stellar, and Cronos also rose in value. In conversation with Gadgets360, Avinash Shekhar, Co-Founder and CEO of Pi42 said, “The selling pressure for Bitcoin from German government is now over. About 50,000 BTC was offloaded in this process. This impacted the prices negatively. There's still a few more scares remaining, especially related to the Mt. Gox reimbursement plan.” Shekhar said, predicting some volatility in the coming days. Europe's New 'Travel Rule' Guidelines for Crypto to Curb Money Laundering The overall crypto market cap grew by 3.80 percent over the last 24 hours. With this, the valuation of the crypto market has risen to $2.29 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,91,30,394 crore), as per CoinMarketCap. Cryptocurrencies that have dropped in value over the past 24 hours include Status, Braintrust, Binance Coin, and Tether. In other developments, Partior, a blockchain payment network backed by JPMorgan, DBS, and Standard Chartered, has secured $60 million (roughly Rs. 500 crore) in Series B funding led by Peak XV Partners. The joint venture aims to establish unified blockchain-based interbank payment rails for instant clearing and settlement. The newly raised capital will be used to enhance Partior's capabilities in intraday foreign-exchange swaps and cross-currency repurchases.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Tipped to Get an Asymmetrical Design With Narrower ‘Visual’ Bezels" ,  Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra– the purported next flagship smartphone from the company – may feature big changes to its design. This revelation comes courtesy of a tipster on social media with claims that the handset's design may be asymmetrical but with narrower “visual bezels” compared to its predecessor. Notably, Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra is also reported to retain its camera system but the phone may ring in two new sensor upgrades with higher megapixel count. Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Design (Expected) According to a post on X (formerly Twitter) by tipster Ice Universe, Samsung's purported flagship smartphone – Galaxy S25 Ultra – could be designed asymmetrically on the front and back. Consequently, the back of the smartphone may be more well-rounded while the front is said to be flatter. The real leak:The middle frame of Galaxy S25 Ultra is designed asymmetrically in front and back. The middle frame near the back cover is more rounded, while the part near the screen is straighter. I believe this is Samsung's design considering the feeling of holding. The…— ICE UNIVERSE (@UniverseIce) July 12, 2024 This change is speculated to be made considering the “feeling of holding” the Galaxy S25 Ultra. Furthermore, the handset is tipped to have a slimmer middle frame, although its width may be the same. As per the tipster, these design changes may result in a narrower “visual bezel” compared to its predecessor, the Galaxy S24 Ultra. The smartphone may also come with a flat screen, as per the tipster. This report corroborates previous speculation that while the S25 Ultra may resemble its predecessor in terms of the overall design such as its camera module, it could ditch the boxy design in favour of rounded corners. Improved Cameras This development builds upon a previous report which suggested that the purported handset may still feature a quad camera setup but with upgraded sensors. The existing wide-angle sensor could reportedly be replaced by a “new version of the 1/2.76-inch JN1 sensor”. While this new sensor is speculated to be smaller than its predecessor, the megapixel count could be bumped to 50-megapixel. The telephoto lens is also said to be upgraded to a larger 50-megapixel “1/3-inch Isocell sensor”. Motorola Edge 50 Neo Tipped to Arrive in These Four Colourways


Acer-Branded Smartphones Made by Indkal Technologies to Launch in India


CCI Antitrust Probe Finds Apple Abused Position in Apps Market in India Thus, the Galaxy S25 Ultra's camera module may reportedly comprise a 200-megapixel main camera, a 50-megapixel sensor with 5x optical zoom, a 50-megapixel ultra wide-angle camera, and a 50-megapixel telephoto sensor with 3x optical zoom. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Sennheiser Momentum Sport With Adaptive ANC, IP55 Rating Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Sennheiser Momentum Sport has been launched in India with 10mm dynamic drivers and adaptive active noise cancellation (ANC) support. The earphones were initially unveiled at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2024 in January. They were introduced alongside Sennheiser Momentum True Wireless 4 and Accentum Plus, both of which have previously been introduced in India. The Sennheiser Momentum Sport will now be available for purchase in the country. The earphones come with support for aptX adaptive audio codec. Sennheiser Momentum Sport price in India The Sennheiser Momentum Sport is available in India at a special price of Rs. 27,990. These true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones are offered in three colour options - Burned Olive, Metallic Graphite and Polar Black. Sennheiser Momentum Sport specifications, features The Sennheiser Momentum Sport are equipped with 10mm dynamic drivers and each earbud has three mics each with noise-cancellation support. The TWS earphones sport a semi-open acoustic system that is claimed to help reduce body-borne noise and increase environmental awareness. Sennheiser Accentum TWS With Up to 28-Hour Total Battery Life Debut in India The newly launched true wireless Sennheiser Momentum Sport earbuds come with an IP55 rating for dust and sweat resistance, while the accompanied charging case is IP54-rated. They support tap controls and are compatible with the Polar Flow app, which helps analyse sports, fitness, and other activities. The TWS earphones come with Bluetooth 5.2 connectivity and support SBC, AAC, aptX, and aptX adaptive audio codes. They also support adaptive hybrid ANC alongside support for a transparency mode. The earphones also are equipped with heart rate and body temperature sensors. Sennheiser Accentum True Wireless Review


Sennheiser Momentum True Wireless 4 With ANC Launched in India: See Price Sennheiser Momentum Sport earphones are claimed to offer a total battery life of up to 24 hours. On a single charge, just the earphones are said to provide a playback time of up to six hours. The left and right earbuds carry 72mAh and 75mAh batteries, respectively, while the charging case has an 850-950mAh cell. The case supports USB Type-C as well as Qi wireless charging. 




title = "Motorola Edge 50 Neo Tipped to Feature Up to 12GB of RAM, Could Arrive in Four Colourways" ,  Motorola Edge 50 Neo is expected to launch this year as the successor to the Edge 40 Neo which debuted in September 2023. A tipster has leaked a few details related to the purported handset on X (formerly known as Twitter). The smartphone is tipped to come in two storage configurations and four colour options. This builds upon a previously reported sighting of the Motorola Edge 50 on the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) website. Motorola Edge 50 Neo Specifications (Leaked) Tipster Sudhanshu Ambhore leaked the details of the Motorola Edge 50 Neo in collaboration with 91Mobiles, stating that the Motorola Edge 50 Neo will arrive in 8GB RAM+256GB 12GB RAM+512GB RAM and storage configurations. If these claims are true, then Motorola's upcoming handset may have twice the amount of storage compared to the Edge 40 Neo's base variant. Notably, the Motorola Edge 40 Neo was offered in 8GB+128GB and 12GB+256GB storage configurations. Acer-Branded Smartphones Made by Indkal Technologies to Launch in India The smartphone is also said to arrive in four colourways: Blue, Grey, Poinciana, and Milk. While the number of colour options offered with the Motorola Edge 50 Neo may be the same as its predecessor, the colourways could be different. The tipster suggests some of these colour options may be Pantone-certified, similar to the Edge 40 Neo's Peach Fuzz colourway. While details of the specifications of the purported Motorola Edge 50 Neo have not been leaked, it is expected to arrive with some upgrades to its predecessor, the Edge 40 Neo. Motorola Edge 40 Neo Specifications The Motorola Edge 40 Neo, launched by the company last year, sports a 6.55-inch pOLED display with a refresh rate of 144Hz and a resolution of 1,080x2,400 pixels. The smartphone is powered by a 6nm MediaTek Dimensity 7030 SoC, paired with up to 12GB LPDDR4X RAM and up to 256GB UFS 2.2 storage. It runs on Android 13 out-of-the-box but was upgraded to Android 14 recently via an over-the-air (OTA) update. Honor Magic Vs 3 With Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC, Periscope Camera Debuts In terms of optics, the handset features a dual rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) and a 13-megapixel ultra-wide sensor. For selfies, it has a 32-megapixel camera on the front. Poco M6 Plus 5G Price in India, Design, Specifications Leaked The Motorola Edge 40 Neo is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for 68W wired fast charging. It has an IP68 rating for dust and splash resistance. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Pad 2, Smart Keyboard, Stylo 2 Price in India Tipped; Could Cost More Than OnePlus Pad" ,  OnePlus is all set to unveil the OnePlus Pad 2 on July 16. Just days before the formal debut, a new leak appears to have revealed the Indian pricing for the tablet. The leak suggests it may have gotten a price bump compared to last year's OnePlus Pad. The OnePlus Pad 2 is said to be launching alongside the OnePlus Stylo 2 stylus and Smart Keyboard. It is expected to run on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 processor and could feature a 12.1-inch display with 3K resolution. The tablet is likely to feature a 9,510mAh battery. OnePlus Pad 2 price in India (leaked) Tipster Yogesh Brar (@heyitsyogesh) on X posted the India pricing and specification of the OnePlus Pad 2, along with its alleged box images. According to the leak, the tablet will have an MRP of Rs. 47,999, however, the offering price will be Rs. 45,999. The Smart Keyboard and Stylo 2 are said to be priced at Rs. 11,999 and Rs. 5,000, respectively. The alleged box image of the tablet shows that it will measure 268.6x195x65mm and weigh 584 grams. OnePlus Pad 2 info dumpPrice-MRP: Rs 47,999 (45,999 offering price)Smart Keyboard : Rs 11,999OnePlus Stylo 2 : Rs 5kSpecs:- 12.1" 3K IPS LCD panel- Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 3- 13MP rear, 8MP selfie camera- Android 14, OxygenOS 14- 9,510mAh battery, 67W charging pic.twitter.com/vOOnZrhlDu— Yogesh Brar (@heyitsyogesh) July 14, 2024 The leaked pricing suggests that the OnePlus Pad 2 will be more expensive than its predecessor. For comparison, the OnePlus Pad was launched last year with a starting price tag of Rs. 37,999 for the base model with 8GB of RAM and 128GB of storage. The variant with 12GB of RAM and 256GB of storage was priced at Rs. 39,999. OnePlus Pad 2 specifications (leaked) The OnePlus Pad 2 is tipped to run on Android 14-based OxygenOS 14 and feature a 12.1-inch IPS LCD screen with 3K resolution. It is said to be powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset. It could get a 13-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel selfie camera. It is said to house a 9,510mAh battery with 67W charging support. OnePlus Pad 2, Nord Buds 3 Pro, Watch 2R Renders, Specifications Tipped OnePlus is hosting an event on July 16 to unveil the OnePlus Pad 2. It will be launched alongside the OnePlus Nord 4, Buds 3 Pro and Watch 2R.  OnePlus Nord 4 Price, Renders, Specifications Revealed in New Leaks  




title = "Google Pixel 9 Pro XL Spotted on REL Website Alongside Pixel 9 Pro Fold; Pixel 9 Series Designs Leak" ,  Google Pixel 9 Pro XL is expected to launch alongside the base Google Pixel 9 and Pixel 9 Pro at an upcoming launch event on August 13. The successor to the Google Pixel Fold is also expected to be unveiled during this event. It is likely to carry the moniker Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold. The Google Pixel 9 Pro XL and Pixel 9 Pro Fold have reportedly been spotted on a Canadian certification website. Pixel 9 series smartphones have also reportedly appeared on the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) certification website. At the same time, hands-on videos of the purported Google Pixel 9 and Pixel 9 Pro XL have leaked online. Google Pixel 9 Pro XL, Pixel 9 Pro Fold REL Listing The Google Pixel 9 Pro XL and the Pixel 9 Pro Fold appeared on Canada's Radio Equipment List (REL) certification website, according to a MySmartPrice report. Another report from the publication also claimed to have spotted the Google Pixel 9 and Pixel 9 Pro smartphones on the REL website and the entire Pixel 9 series lineup on the FCC certification site. As per the report, the listings do not reveal any specifications of the upcoming handsets, but they confirm their monikers. The reported FCC listings of Google Pixel 9 series smartphones suggest that connectivity options for the Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro XL and Pixel 9 Pro Fold will include 2.4GHz and 5GHz Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, NFC, UWB, and 5G. Google Pixel 9 Series Prices, Colour Options, Storage Leaked The Pixel 9 series handsets are also said to support thread radio, which allows smartphones to control smart home devices. The base Pixel 9, on the other hand, is likely to support dual-band Wi-Fi connectivity, 5G, UWB and NFC. The FCC listing also reportedly suggests that the vanilla Google Pixel 9 and another handset in the lineup may measure 152.8 x 72 mm in length and width. Google Pixel 9 Pro XL, Pixel 9 leaked hands-on videos Additionally, two hands-on videos of Google Pixel 9 series smartphones have surfaced online. One video compares the vanilla Pixel 9 with the Pixel 9 Pro XL, while the other shows the latter with the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra. These videos were first spotted on TikTok by YTECHB. Google Pixel 9 Series Tipped to Get Ultrasonic In-Display Fingerprint Sensor The videos show that the Google Pixel 9 Pro XL will be larger than the base Pixel 9 model. The XL variant is seen with three rear camera sensors alongside an LED flash and a temperature sensor. The Pixel 9 appears with two camera units and an LED flash. Both handsets are seen with the power and volume buttons on the right edge, while the SIM tray, USB Type-C port and speaker grille are placed on the bottom. In comparison with the large, boxy Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra, the purported Google Pixel 9 Pro XL appears to be slightly smaller in size, with more rounded edges. India-Made Google Pixel Phones Will Reportedly Be Exported to Europe, US The possible prices of the Google Pixel 9 series were recently leaked. The base Google Pixel 9 is tipped to start at EUR 899 (roughly Rs. 81,000), while the Pixel 9 Pro XL and the Pixel 9 Pro Fold could start at EUR 1,199 (roughly Rs. 1,09,000) and EUR 1,899 (roughly Rs. 1,72,000), respectively. Previously, the Pixel 9 series phones were tipped to get ultrasonic in-display fingerprint sensors, Tensor G4 SoCs and ship with Android 15.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Honor MagicPad 2 With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC Launched Alongside Honor Pad 9 Pro" ,  Honor MagicPad 2 was launched by the company on Friday alongside a more affordable tablet from the company, the Honor Pad 9 Pro. The newly unveiled MagicPad 2 is powered by a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset and features an OLED display, while the Honor Pad 9 Pro runs on a MediaTek Dimensity 8100 SoC and sports an LCD screen. Both tablets run on MagicOS 8, which is based on Android 14, and are equipped with a 13-megapixel primary camera. Honor MagicPad 2, Honor Pad 9 Pro Price Honor MagicPad 2 pricing starts at CNY 2999 (roughly Rs. 34,500) for the base 8GB+256GB RAM and storage configuration, while the 12GB+256GB variant is priced at CNY 3299 (roughly Rs. 38,000). Customers can also choose from 16GB+512GB and 16GB+1TB configurations, priced at CNY 3699 (roughly Rs. 42,600) and CNY 4199 (roughly Rs. 48,400), respectively. Meanwhile, the Honor Pad 9 Pro is priced at CNY 2299 (roughly Rs. 26,500) for the 8GB+256GB RAM and storage configuration, while a 12GB RAM variant with the same amount of storage is available at CNY 2499 (roughly Rs. 28,800). The company's "soft version" (translated from Chinese) edition of the tablet can be purchased for additional CNY 200 (roughly Rs. 2,300) for each storage option. Honor Magic Vs 3 With Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC, Periscope Camera Debuts In China, the Honor MagicPad 2 is available in three colour options — Moon Shadow White, Sky Blue, Starry Sky Black (translated from Chinese) — while the Honor Pad 9 Pro is sold in Sky Blue and Starry Gray (translated from Chinese) colourways. Honor MagicPad 2, Honor Pad 9 Pro Specifications Both the Honor MagicPad 2 and Pad 9 Pro run on Android 14-based MagicOS 8. The MagicPad 2 features 12.3-inch 1,920x3,000-pixel OLED display, while Pad 9 Pro has 12.1-inch 1,600x2,560-pixel TFT LCD screen and these screens have a maximum refresh rate of 144Hz. The company has equipped the MagicPad 2 with a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset along with up to 16GB of RAM and up to 1TB of storage, while the Honor Pad 9 Pro is powered with Dimensity 8100 SoC, with up to 12GB of RAM and 256GB of inbuilt storage. Honor MagicBook Art 14 2024 With Up to Intel Core Ultra 7 CPUs Launched For photos and videos, both tablets feature a 13-megapixel primary rear camera, with autofocus and an f/2.0 aperture. The MagicPad 2 has a 9-megapixel secondary camera, while the Pad 9 Pro has 5-megapixel front-facing camera — both of these have a fixed-focus lens, and have an f/2.2 aperture. Honor 200 5G Series Camera Specifications Revealed Ahead of India Launch Honor says that both tablets support Wi-Fi 6 connectivity and the MagicPad 2 and Pad 9 Pro support Bluetooth 5.3 and Bluetooth 5.2 devices, respectively. They are equipped with a 10,050mAh battery with support for 35W (MagicPad 2) and 66W (Pad 9 Pro) charging speeds, respectively. The Honor MagicPad measures 274.5x180.5x5.8mm and weighs 555g, while the Pad 9 Pro measures 277x178.95x6.64mm and weighs 589g. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "OpenAI Said to Be Working on New Reasoning Technology Under Code Name ‘Strawberry’" ,  ChatGPT maker OpenAI is working on a novel approach to its artificial intelligence models in a project code-named “Strawberry,” according to a person familiar with the matter and internal documentation reviewed by Reuters. The project, details of which have not been previously reported, comes as the Microsoft-backed startup races to show that the types of models it offers are capable of delivering advanced reasoning capabilities. Teams inside OpenAI are working on Strawberry, according to a copy of a recent internal OpenAI document seen by Reuters in May. Reuters could not ascertain the precise date of the document, which details a plan for how OpenAI intends to use Strawberry to perform research. The source described the plan to Reuters as a work in progress. The news agency could not establish how close Strawberry is to being publicly available. OpenAI Said to Have Revealed Five Levels to Create Superintelligent AI How Strawberry works is a tightly kept secret even within OpenAI, the person said. The document describes a project that uses Strawberry models with the aim of enabling the company's AI to not just generate answers to queries but to plan ahead enough to navigate the internet autonomously and reliably to perform what OpenAI terms “deep research,” according to the source. This is something that has eluded AI models to date, according to interviews with more than a dozen AI researchers. Microsoft Gives Up Observer Seat on OpenAI Board Amid Regulatory Scrutiny Asked about Strawberry and the details reported in this story, an OpenAI company spokesperson said in a statement: “We want our AI models to see and understand the world more like we do. Continuous research into new AI capabilities is a common practice in the industry, with a shared belief that these systems will improve in reasoning over time.” The spokesperson did not directly address questions about Strawberry. The Strawberry project was formerly known as Q*, which Reuters reported last year was already seen inside the company as a breakthrough. OpenAI's 2023 Breach Led to Hackers Stealing its AI Secrets: Report Two sources described viewing earlier this year what OpenAI staffers told them were Q* demos, capable of answering tricky science and math questions out of reach of today's commercially-available models. On Tuesday at an internal all-hands meeting, OpenAI showed a demo of a research project that it claimed had new human-like reasoning skills, according to Bloomberg. An OpenAI spokesperson confirmed the meeting but declined to give details of the contents. Reuters could not determine if the project demonstrated was Strawberry. OpenAI hopes the innovation will improve its AI models' reasoning capabilities dramatically, the person familiar with it said, adding that Strawberry involves a specialized way of processing an AI model after it has been pre-trained on very large datasets. ChatGPT for macOS Fixes Flaw That Stored Conversations Without Encryption Researchers Reuters interviewed say that reasoning is key to AI achieving human or super-human-level intelligence. While large language models can already summarize dense texts and compose elegant prose far more quickly than any human, the technology often falls short on common sense problems whose solutions seem intuitive to people, like recognizing logical fallacies and playing tic-tac-toe. When the model encounters these kinds of problems, it often “hallucinates” bogus information. AI researchers interviewed by Reuters generally agree that reasoning, in the context of AI, involves the formation of a model that enables AI to plan ahead, reflect how the physical world functions, and work through challenging multi-step problems reliably. AI Deals Between Microsoft and OpenAI, Google and Samsung, Under EU Scanner Improving reasoning in AI models is seen as the key to unlocking the ability for the models to do everything from making major scientific discoveries to planning and building new software applications. OpenAI CEO Sam Altman said earlier this year that in AI “the most important areas of progress will be around reasoning ability.” Other companies like Google, Meta and Microsoft are likewise experimenting with different techniques to improve reasoning in AI models, as are most academic labs that perform AI research. Researchers differ, however, on whether large language models (LLMs) are capable of incorporating ideas and long-term planning into how they do prediction. For instance, one of the pioneers of modern AI, Yann LeCun, who works at Meta, has frequently said that LLMs are not capable of humanlike reasoning. AI Challenges Strawberry is a key component of OpenAI's plan to overcome those challenges, the source familiar with the matter said. The document seen by Reuters described what Strawberry aims to enable, but not how. In recent months, the company has privately been signaling to developers and other outside parties that it is on the cusp of releasing technology with significantly more advanced reasoning capabilities, according to four people who have heard the company's pitches. They declined to be identified because they are not authorized to speak about private matters. Strawberry includes a specialized way of what is known as “post-training” OpenAI's generative AI models, or adapting the base models to hone their performance in specific ways after they have already been “trained” on reams of generalized data, one of the sources said. The post-training phase of developing a model involves methods like “fine-tuning,” a process used on nearly all language models today that comes in many flavors, such as having humans give feedback to the model based on its responses and feeding it examples of good and bad answers. Strawberry has similarities to a method developed at Stanford in 2022 called "Self-Taught Reasoner” or “STaR”, one of the sources with knowledge of the matter said. STaR enables AI models to “bootstrap” themselves into higher intelligence levels via iteratively creating their own training data, and in theory could be used to get language models to transcend human-level intelligence, one of its creators, Stanford professor Noah Goodman, told Reuters. “I think that is both exciting and terrifying…if things keep going in that direction we have some serious things to think about as humans,” Goodman said. Goodman is not affiliated with OpenAI and is not familiar with Strawberry. Among the capabilities OpenAI is aiming Strawberry at is performing long-horizon tasks (LHT), the document says, referring to complex tasks that require a model to plan ahead and perform a series of actions over an extended period of time, the first source explained. To do so, OpenAI is creating, training and evaluating the models on what the company calls a “deep-research” dataset, according to the OpenAI internal documentation. Reuters was unable to determine what is in that dataset or how long an extended period would mean. OpenAI specifically wants its models to use these capabilities to conduct research by browsing the web autonomously with the assistance of a “CUA,” or a computer-using agent, that can take actions based on its findings, according to the document and one of the sources. OpenAI also plans to test its capabilities on doing the work of software and machine learning engineers. © Thomson Reuters 2024 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Amazon Prime Day 2024 Sale Deals Revealed: Discounts on Sony WH-1000XM4, Boat Smart Ring, Amazon Echo Pop and More" ,  Amazon Prime Day 2024 Sale is scheduled to take place on July 20 and July 21, and the e-commerce platform has already started to tease some of the deals on various consumer electronics products that will be available at discounted prices during the upcoming sale event. When the Prime Day 2024 sale kicks off, customers will be able to avail of discounts up to 80 percent on certain products, while also lowering the final cost of their purchases using ICICI Bank SBI credit card transactions. Ahead of the upcoming Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale, several newly launched smartphones will be available for purchase via the e-commerce platform. These include the Samsung Galaxy M35, iQoo Z9 Lite, and Honor 200 series. Meanwhile, the Lava Blaze X as well as newly unveiled colour variants of the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite, and Realme GT 6T will go on sale for the first time on July 20, when the sale event begins. Amazfit Unveils Offers for Amazon Prime Day, May Debut Helio Ring During Sale Amazon Prime Day 2024 Sale Deals Revealed Amazon has already started to reveal some of the discounts of products including the Sony WH-1000XM4 wireless headphones, Boat Smart Ring, and Amazon Echo Pop, that will be available at lower prices during the sale. It's worth noting that these products are already available at prices that are lower than their maximum retail price (MRP) on the e-commerce website, but customers who wait until the sale begins can avail of higher discounts on these products. Amazon Prime Day: Galaxy M35, iQoo Z9 Lite and More New Phones to Launch


OnePlus Nord 4, Pad 2, Watch 2R, Nord Buds 3 Pro to Launch on July 16 Product Name MRP Sale Price     Sony WH-1000XM4 Wireless Headphones Rs. 29,990 Rs. 16,490   Boat Smart Ring Rs. 9,999 Rs. 2,999   Amazon Echo Pop Rs. 4,999 Rs. 2,449   Logitech MX Anywhere 2S Rs. 5,999 Rs. 2,999   JBL Quantum 810 Wireless Gaming Headset Rs. 22,990 Rs. 8,999   Fire TV Stick With Alexa Rs. 4,999 Rs. 2,199   Daikin 1.5 Ton 3 Star Air Conditioner Rs. 58,400 Rs. 36,990   Razer Naga V2 Pro Rs. 31,999 Rs. 11,999  .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Indkal Technologies Signs Licensing Deal to Launch Acer Smartphones in India Under Rs. 50000" ,  Bengaluru-based startup Indkal Technologies announced on Thursday that it has signed a licensing agreement to launch Acer-branded smartphones in India. The Taiwanese consumer electronics company is said to be entering the Indian smartphone market again, years after its smartphone business shut shop. This development comes after Indkal raised $36 million (roughly Rs. 300 crore) in a Series A funding round last month, led by Mauritius-based Aries Opportunities Fund. Acer Smartphones Return to Indian Market As part of the deal, Indkal will design, manufacture and distribute Acer-branded smartphones across the country. As per the companies, they will launch “a wide range of smartphones” between Rs. 15,000-Rs. 50,000. However, it will not take on the players in the budget smartphone market, instead choosing to introduce options in the mid-range segment which is already flooded with options by various Indian and international manufacturers. Thus, it will be competing against brands such as Oppo, Vivo, Tecno, and OnePlus, as well as giants such as Xiaomi and Samsung – all of which have a strong presence in the Indian smartphone market. OnePlus Nord 4 to Get as Many Android OS Updates as the OnePlus 12 “We are excited that Indkal Technologies will further this mission in India by providing a wide range of smartphones under the Acer brand that expands end-user choices and enrich their experience in the Indian market”, said Jade Zhou, Vice-president of Global Strategic Alliances at Acer Inc. The smartphones will be manufactured in India, aligning with the 'Make in India' initiative, and will have “advanced software technologies”. As per Indkal, it has set up a manufacturing target of one million devices per year. It is also said to be applying for the smartphone production-linked incentive (PLI) scheme. In a statement, Anand Dubey, chief executive officer of Indkal Technologies said, “These well-designed devices will offer exceptional value with cutting-edge hardware and software. We are confident that consumers will appreciate the quality and innovation synonymous with the Acer brand.” iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC Goes Official


Infinix Note 40X 5G Leaks in Live Image; Specifications Tipped Acer-branded smartphones will be available for purchase on e-commerce platforms and offline retail stores in the country. Notably, this is the second collaboration between the Taiwanese tech giant and the Indian startup, following the launch of Acer-branded smart TVs in India in 2021. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Honor MagicBook Art 14 2024 With 14.6-Inch OLED Screen, Up to Intel Core Ultra 7 CPU Launched" ,  Honor MagicBook Art 14 2024 was launched on Friday at the company's launch event, where it also unveiled the Honor Magic V3, Magic Vs 3, MagicPad 2, and Honor Pad 9 Pro. The latest laptop from Honor runs on Windows 11 Home Chinese Edition and sports a 14.6-inch OLED screen. It runs on Intel Core Ultra 5 or Core Ultra 7 CPUs, along with up to 32GB of RAM. Honor has equipped the MagicBook Art 14 2024 with a 60Wh battery that can be charged to 46 percent in 30 minutes, according to the company. Honor MagicBook Art 14 2024 Price, Availability Honor MagicBook Art 14 2024 price is set at CNY 7,799 (roughly Rs. 89,800) for the base model with a Core Ultra 5 CPU with 16GB of RAM. The Core Ultra 5 model with 32GB of RAM is priced at CNY 8,499 (roughly Rs. 97,900). Customers can also purchase the top-end model with a Core Ultra 7 CPU and 32GB of RAM that costs CNY 9,499 (roughly Rs. 1,09,400). The laptop is listed on the company's website in Summer Olives and Sunrise Impressions colour options (translated from Chinese) and is already available to order in China. There's no word from the company on plans to launch the device in other markets. Microsoft Surface Laptop 7, Surface Pro 11 Launched in India: Details Honor MagicBook Art 14 2024 Specifications The newly launched Honor MagicBook Art 14 2024 features a 14.6-inch Ultra-HD (3,120x2,080 pixels) OLED touch screen display with 258ppi pixel density and 700 nits peak brightness. It also offers 100 percent coverage of the DCI:P3 colour gamut. The laptop is powered by up to Intel Core Ultra 7 155H chipset with Intel Arc graphics, paired with up to 32GB of LPDDR5X RAM. Honor has equipped the MagicBook Art 14 2024 laptop with 1TB of SSD storage. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi 6 and Bluetooth 5.3, and the laptop is equipped with a USB Type-C port, a USB 3.2 Type-A port, a Thunderbolt 4 port, an HDMI 2.1 port, and a 3.5mm combo audio port. Asus Vivobook S 15 OLED Copilot+ Laptop Launched in India: Check Price


How Snapdragon X Series Chips Fare Against Apple's M3 in Benchmark Tests


MSI Crosshair 16 HX Monster Hunter Edition, MSI Claw Go on Sale in India


Samsung Galaxy Book 4 Ultra With Up to Intel Core Ultra 9 CPUs Debut in India The laptop also offers NFC connectivity and has a fingerprint sensor for biometric authentication. The MagicBook Art 14 2024 us equipped with a 60Wh lithium polymer battery that can be charged to 46 percent in 30 minutes and takes 95 minutes for a full charge, according to the company. Besides, it measures 316.77x223.63x12.95mm and weighs 1.03kg. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Competition Commission of India Antitrust Probe Finds Apple Abused Position in Apps Market" ,  An investigation by India's antitrust body has found that Apple exploited its dominant position in the market for app stores on its iOS operating system, engaging "in abusive conduct and practices", a confidential report seen by Reuters showed. The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has been investigating Apple Inc since 2021 for possibly abusing its dominant position in the apps market by forcing developers to use its proprietary in-app purchase system. Apple has denied wrongdoing saying it was a small player in India where phones that use Google's Android system are dominant. Assassin's Creed Mirage, Other Triple-A Games Sold Poorly on iPhone: Report The CCI's investigations unit, in its 142-page report which is not public but was seen by Reuters, said Apple wields "significant influence" over how digital products and services reach consumers, especially through its iOS platform and App Store. "Apple App Store is an unavoidable trading partner for app developers, and resultantly, app developers have no choice but to adhere to Apple's unfair terms, including the mandatory use of Apple's proprietary billing and payment system," the CCI unit said in the June 24 report. "From the perspective of app developers, Apple iOS ecosystem is indispensable." Apple Prevents $1.8 Billion Worth Fraud on the App Store in 2023 Apple and the CCI did not respond to requests for comment. The Indian investigation report comes as Apple faces increased antitrust scrutiny in other regions. In June, European Union antitrust regulators said Apple breached the bloc's tech rules, which could result in a hefty fine for the iPhone maker. The company also faces an investigation into new fees imposed on app developers. Altstore PAL With Free Delta Nintedo Emulator Debuts in Europe: See Price In January, in response to a new EU law called the Digital Markets Act, Apple outlined plans to allow software developers to distribute their apps to users in the European Union outside of Apple's own App Store. The CCI report is the most critical stage of the Indian investigation and it will now be reviewed by the watchdog's senior officials. Apple and other parties will be allowed to respond before a final decision is reached, which could include monetary fines as well as directives to change business practices. Apple Allows iOS 17.5 Beta Testers to Install Apps Directly via Websites Apple vs. Google in India The Indian case was first filed by a little-known, non-profit group called "Together We Fight Society" which argued Apple's in-app fee of up to 30% hurts competition by raising costs for app developers and customers. Later, a group of Indian startups, Alliance of Digital India Foundation, and Tinder-owner Match filed similar cases at the CCI against Apple, which were all heard together. The CCI investigation team said in its report that no third-party payment processor was being permitted by Apple to provide the services for in-app purchases. Apple's New Guidelines Now Allow Game Emulators on App Store It added that in most cases the apps are also not being allowed to include any external links that direct customers to other purchasing mechanisms, violating Indian competition laws. Apple's iOS powered about 3.5% of 690 million smartphones in India as of mid-2024, with the rest using Android, according to Counterpoint Research, though it adds Apple's smartphone base in the country has become five times larger in the last five years. In its submissions to the CCI, Apple argued its market share in India is an "insignificant" 0-5%, while Google commands 90-100%. The company also argued that the in-app payment system allowed it to maintain and develop the safety of its App Store. Apple to Let Music Streaming Apps in Europe Link to Own Websites for Purchases But the CCI said, "App stores are OS (operating system) specific and Apple's App store is the sole App store available for reaching iOS users." "The payment policy of Apple adversely affects the app developers, users and other payment processors," it said. The CCI report showed it considered comments from many companies including Microsoft, Uber and Amazon during its Apple investigation. How the US Lawsuit Against Apple Could Make iPhones More Consumer-Friendly Google too has faced CCI's heat for its in-app payments mechanism. In October 2022, the CCI imposed a $113 million fine on Google and said it must allow the use of third-party billing and stop forcing developers to use its in-app payment system. Google has challenged the decision. © Thomson Reuters 2024 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)




title = "Honor Magic Vs 3 With Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC, Periscope Camera Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  Honor Magic Vs 3 was unveiled in China on Friday as the latest book-style foldable smartphone from Honor. It is equipped with a Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC and is offered in three colour options. The Honor Magic Vs 3 comes with a slim profile; depending on the colour variant, the phone measures 9.7mm in thickness when folded and up to 4.65mm when opened. The Honor Magic Vs 3 has triple rear cameras, including a periscope sensor, and is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for 66W charging and 50W wireless charging. Honor Magic Vs 3 price The Honor Magic Vs 3 price starts at CNY 6,999 (roughly Rs. 80,000) for the 12GB + 256GB variant. The 12GB + 512GB and 16GB + 1TB configurations are priced at CNY 7,699 (roughly Rs. 88,000) and CNY 8,699 (roughly Rs. 1,00,000) respectively. It is currently up for purchase in China in Qilian Snow, Tundra Green and Velvet Black (translated from Chinese). Honor Magic Vs 3 specifications The dual-SIM (Nano + Nano) Honor Magic Vs 3 runs on Android 14 with MagicOS 8.0.1 on top. It features a 7.92-inch primary (2,344x2,156 pixels) OLED display and a 6.43-inch (1,060x2,376 pixels) OLED cover display with 2,500 nits peak brightness. Both LTPO screens support inputs through Stylus and offer 3840Hz PWM dimming and up to 120Hz refresh rate. The main screen and cover screen have 9.78:9 percent and 20:9 percent screen aspect ratios, respectively. It is powered by an octa-core Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC alongside 16GB of RAM and up to 1TB of storage. It has a Titanium hinge and is equipped with Honor's self-developed RF chip. Honor Magic V Flip With 4-Inch Cover Screen Debuts For optics, the Honor Magic Vs 3 has a triple rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel main camera, a 40-megapixel ultra wide-angle camera, and an 8-megapixel periscope telephoto sensor with 5x optical zoom. The cover screen and main screen houses 16-megapixel sensors for selfies. Connectivity options on the Honor Magic Vs 3 include 5G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac/ax/be, Bluetooth 5.3, NFC, GPS, BeiDou, GLONASS, Galileo, A-GPS, OTG, and a USB Type-C port. It carries an ambient light sensor, compass, gyroscope, infrared blaster, and proximity sensor. The handset has a fingerprint sensor for authentication. Honor 200 5G Series Camera Specifications Revealed Ahead of India Launch The Honor Magic Vs 3 has a 5,000mAh battery with 66W wired and 50W wireless charging support. The handset has a thin profile with 9.8mm thickness when folded in its Velvet Black colourway and 4.65mm when unfolded. Other colour options measure 10.1mm while folded and 4.8mm in unfolded mode. The Velvet black version measures around 229 grams and other colour versions weigh about 231 grams. 




title = "WhatsApp for Android Reportedly Testing Translation Feature for Messages Using Google’s Technology" ,  WhatsApp is said to testing a new feature that enables users to translate messages in other languages, according to claims by a feature tracker. The live translation feature is said to work through on-device processing and may use Google's live translation technology. It was reported in a beta version of the WhatsApp for Android app. This development comes after another feature was spotted in WhatsApp beta that could bring live transcription for voice messages. Live Translation of Messages on WhatsApp According to feature tracker WABetaInfo, the live translation feature for messages works on-device, meaning the data is stored locally instead of being sent to a cloud server. Through it, users may be able to translate messages on the instant messaging platform. The feature was reported in the WhatsApp for Android app version 2.24.15.8.  Live Translation of WhatsApp MessagesPhoto Credit: WABetaInfo Users may have to download language packs to have access to this feature. It is said to be initially limited to English and Hindi, with support for more languages expected in the future. The feature tracker speculates that translation may automatically happen within chats, meaning users may not have to venture out of the app to get a translation of text messages. WhatsApp Begins Rolling Out This Feature to Keep New Group Members Safe The feature tracker claims that the live transcription option is not available to even beta testers as it is still in development. Thus, those who are on the latest version of WhatsApp for Android beta via the Google Play Beta program may not be able to access it. Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to verify its availability on WhatsApp for Android beta app. Voice Message Transcription Alongside live translation of messages, WhatsApp for Android is also reported to be developing live transcription of voice messages. With this, users may be able to generate transcriptions for voice messages they have sent or received. As per the claims, a new banner may appear below a voice transcription, asking the user if they wish to get a transcription of the voice message. X May Be Testing a Way for iPhone Users to Dislike Posts on the Platform


Instagram to Focus on Short-Form Content Over Long Videos This feature was spotted in WhatsApp for Android beta app version 2.24.15.5 and is reportedly available to beta testers of the app. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple’s ‘Tap-and-Go’ NFC Gets EU Approval After the iPhone Maker Agrees to Open It to Third-Party Apps" ,  Apple received approval for its Near Field Communication (NFC) technology in Europe on Thursday. The European Union (EU) formally announced the approval after the Cupertino-based tech giant agreed to make changes that were suggested by the bloc. The company first applied for approval in 2022, however, the EU expressed concerns due to Apple's monopoly over the technology and refusal to allow third-party apps to access NFC. The iPhone maker now has till July 25 to implement the agreed-upon changes and keep it intact for the next ten years, as a part of the approval process. EU Approves Apple's NFC Usage in Europe In a press release, the EU said, “The European Commission has made commitments offered by Apple legally binding under EU antitrust rules. The commitments address the Commission's competition concerns relating to Apple's refusal to grant rivals access to a standard technology used for contactless payments with iPhones in stores (‘Near-Field-Communication (NFC)' or ‘tap and go').” In 2022, the tech giant applied for the approval of its NFC technology. However, at the time, it only made the hardware and supporting software available to its native Apple Wallet and Apple Pay apps. During its investigation, the Commission found Apple to violate Article 102 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TEFU). iPhone 16 Pro Models May Let You Top Up Their Batteries Faster The article prohibits the abuse of a company's dominant position in the market and attempts to monopolise said position. EU found that Apple's refusal to allow third-party wallet apps to access NFC could lead to less innovation and choice for iPhone wallet users. Addressing the concerns, Apple has now committed to several changes by the Commission, and as a result, it has received the approval. The most important commitment made by the company is the decision to allow “third-party wallet providers access to the NFC input on iOS devices free of charge, without having to use Apple Pay or Apple Wallet.” Apple will also apply a fair, objective, transparent and non-discriminatory procedure and eligibility criteria to give access to NFC to third-party app developers. Further, the iPhone maker has also agreed to establish separate monitoring mechanisms and dispute settlement systems to independently review Apple's decision to restrict access. Apple Seeds iOS 17.6 Public Beta 3 for iPhone With Bug Fixes


See Apple's Latest Mercenary Spyware Alert to iPhone Users in 98 Countries These commitments will not only apply to all the 30 countries within the European Economic Area (EEA) but also to all the iOS users with an Apple ID registered in the area who travel outside temporarily. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Poco M6 Plus 5G Price in India, Design Leaked; Tipped to Run on Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC" ,  Poco M6 5G with MediaTek Dimensity 6100+ SoC was released in India in December. Now, the brand seems to be gearing up to unveil the Poco M6 Plus 5G in the country. Poco is yet to announce its launch details, but ahead of it, renders, price and specifications of the phone have leaked on the Web. The Poco M6 Plus is tipped to debut as a budget offering with a Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 processor under the hood. It is likely to boast a dual camera unit led by 108-megapixel primary sensor. Poco M6 Plus 5G price in India (tipped) Sudhanshu Ambhore (@Sudhanshu1414), in association with 91Mobiles, leaked the price, design and specifications of Poco M6 Plus 5G. As per the report, the new Poco phone will be launched in India with a price tag of Rs. 13,999 for the 6GB RAM + 128GB storage model. The 8GB RAM + 128GB storage variant is tipped to be priced at Rs. 14,999. Poco is said to provide a Rs. 1,000 bank-based discount for buyers. The alleged images of the Poco M6 Plus 5G suggest a design similar to the Poco M6 5G with a hole punch display and flat edges. It seems to have an LED flash ring at the rear. The handset is expected to come in black, purple and silver colour options. Poco F6 Comes With These AI Features: How to Use Poco M6 Plus 5G specifications The Poco M6 Plus 5G is tipped to ship with Android 14-based HyperOS and a 6.79-inch LCD panel with a 120Hz refresh rate. Qualcomm's Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 processor is said to fuel the phone. It is likely to pack a dual camera setup including a 108-megapixel sensor and a 2-megapixel sensor. There could be a 16-megapixel front camera. Poco could pack a 5,030mAh battery with 33W fast charging support on the Poco M6 Plus 5G. It is expected to get an IP53 rating for water and dust resistance. It is said to feature a side-mounted fingerprint sensor for authentication.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Elon Musk’s X May Be Testing ‘Dislike’ Button on iOS as a Way to Downvote Posts" ,  X (formerly Twitter) may be testing a new feature aimed at increasing engagement on the platform by allowing users to downvote posts on iPhone. According to claims on social media, the feature may appear as a ‘dislike' option in the form of a heartbroken icon, instead of a Reddit-like downward arrow. The experiment was first reported in 2021 and a recent discovery of code references related to the feature hint at its ongoing testing. Dislike Button on X According to a post on the microblogging platform by user @aaronp613, the ability to dislike posts could be introduced soon on the X app for the iOS platform. Code references have reportedly been discovered, hinting at a heartbroken emoji-style icon for dislikes, similar to the like option which appears as a heart icon. The ability to dislike posts are coming to the X for iOS app as well pic.twitter.com/rWk5mkRcip— Aaron (@aaronp613) July 11, 2024 Strings of text also seem to appear in the app's code. As per the user, one of the strings reads, “Do you want to downvote this post?”, while another is simply presented as “Downvote this post”. However, it is unclear if the ability to downvote would be available for both posts and replies or just the former, considering that the code has only mentions of “posts”. X – back when it was Twitter – first announced that it would be testing a downvotes feature on iOS in 2021. It was reported as part of a “small research experiment” that added upvote and downvote options for replies. The microblogging platform confirmed that downvotes weren't public, while likes could be seen by everyone, until an update made them hidden last month. Notably, another user @P4mui posted a video clip of the alleged downvoting option in function. However, the clip suggests that the option is only for replies and not for posts on the microblogging platform. WhatsApp May Soon Let Users Transcribe Voice Messages


Instagram to Focus on Short-Form Content Over Long Videos


WhatsApp Begins Rolling Out This Feature to Keep New Group Members Safe Le nouveau bouton dislike en action (appelé downvote en interne), pour le moment c'est uniquement prévu pour les réponsesX 10.49@xDaily pic.twitter.com/ZVgk8izTt1— P4mui  (@P4mui) July 11, 2024 Hidden Likes In addition to a rumoured ‘dislikes' feature, Elon Musk's X recently made a decision to hide ‘likes' from the platform. This means posts liked by a user won't be visible on their profile under the likes tab. Consequently, the entire section has been removed. It is just one of the many changes introduced on the microblogging platform since Elon Musk's takeover in 2022. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "OpenAI Reportedly Shares the Five Levels to Reach Superintelligent AI With Its Employees" ,  OpenAI has reportedly created a new classification that shows different levels of artificial intelligence (AI) development towards achieving superintelligent AI. As per the report, the classification system, which OpenAI has shared with its employees, has five levels: the first level includes existing generative AI-powered conversational chatbots and the fifth would include yet to be achieved artificial general intelligence (AGI), an AI system considered to be powerful enough to handle the work of an entire organisation. It is said that the AI firm also shared details of a new project that utilises GPT-4 model and demonstrates human-like reasoning — an ability that could take the model to level two. OpenAI Reportedly Shares Five Levels to AGI Citing an OpenAI spokesperson, a Bloomberg report highlighted that the company shared the new classification system with its employees in an “all-hands meeting”. The company reportedly plans to share the classification with its investors and people outside of the organisation as well, although no timeline for the same was shared. Currently, OpenAI is said to be at level one, however, citing people familiar with the matter, the report claimed that the AI firm shared new capabilities of GPT-4 that might be equivalent to level two. The most notable feature is reportedly the reasoning capability of the AI model. No other features were mentioned. Microsoft Gives Up Observer Seat on OpenAI Board Amid Regulatory Scrutiny The publication also shared the five levels towards AGI. These are: Level 1 — Chatbots: AI with conversational language Level 2 — Reasoners: Human-level problem solving Level 3 — Agents: Systems that can take action Level 4 — Innovators: AI that can aid in invention Level 5 — Organisations: AI that can do the work of an organisation Based on the reported classification, level one is where most AI systems today are with conversational chatbot capabilities. OpenAI is said to have reached level two dubbed Reasoners with GPT-4, however, this capability is yet to be demonstrated by the company. Level three includes Agents, which can execute actions on behalf of people. This is likely the stage where AI systems can independently take certain actions based on behaviour patterns. This level also includes the integration of AI into real-world operations. The fourth level, as per the classification, will give AI a certain level of innovation and it will be able to assist in inventing new technologies and products. Notably, true innovation is said to be one of the defining traits of human intelligence. ChatGPT for macOS Fixes Flaw That Stored Conversations Without Encryption


Ajax Engineering Launches Enterprise-Grade AI Chatbot Concrete GPT Finally, level five or AGI is when an AI system can handle the tasks of an entire organisation. This would far exceed the capability of humans and would take AI to the superintelligent tier. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iQoo Pad 2 Pro 16GB RAM, 1TB Storage Variant Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  iQoo Pad 2 Pro with MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset was announced in China in May with three RAM and storage options. Now, the Vivo sub-brand has made the tablet available in a new 16GB RAM and 1TB storage configuration. The new version was unveiled alongside the iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ smartphone on Thursday. The iQoo Pad 2 Pro boasts a 13-inch display with 3.1K resolution. It offers Wi-Fi 7 connectivity and is backed by an 11,500mAh battery with 66W fast charging support. iQoo Pad 2 Pro price The newly launched 16GB RAM + 1TB storage variant of iQoo Pad 2 Pro is priced at CNY 4,599 (roughly Rs. 52,000). It is currently up for sale in China in Blue Ting, Gray Crystal and Silver Wing (translated from Chinese) colourways. Customers who purchase the tablet before September can receive an iQoo Stylus worth CNY 399 (roughly Rs. 4,500) and a get a discount of up to CNY 300 (roughly Rs. 3,400) on the iQoo Smart Touch Keyboard 2 Pro and iQoo Pencil Air. The iQoo Pad 2 Pro was initially announced in May. The new version will sit alongside the 8GB + 256GB, 12GB + 256GB RAM and 16GB + 512GB variants priced at CNY 3,399 (roughly Rs. 38,000), CNY 3,699 (roughly Rs. 41,000) and CNY 4,099 (roughly Rs. 45,000), respectively. iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC Goes Official iQoo Pad 2 Pro specifications The iQoo Pad 2 Pro runs on Android 14 based OriginOS 4 and features a 13-inch 3.1K (2,064x3,096 pixels) LCD display with up to 144Hz refresh rate and up to 240Hz touch sampling rate. It runs on a 4nm MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ SoC, with up to 16GB RAM and 1TB onboard storage. It comes with a three-dimensional cooling system with a 37,000mm square heat dissipation area. The iQoo Pad 2 Pro has a 13-megapixel rear camera. On the front, it features an 8-megapixel sensor for video calling and selfies. Connectivity options on the tablet include Wi-Fi 7, Bluetooth 5.4, OTG, and a USB Type-C port. Sensors on board include a gravity sensor, light sensor colour temperature sensor, hall sensor, and gyroscope. It supports facial recognition for authentication. The tablet comes with eight speakers. iQoo Z9x Review: Budget 5G Redefined? The iQoo Pad 2 Pro carries an 11,500mAh battery with support for 66W fast charging. The battery is rated to deliver up to 14.8 hours of video playback time on a single charge. It is said to provide up to 17.7 hours of offline viewing time and up to 10.8 hours of video calling time on a single charge. The tablet measures 289.56x198.32x6.64mm and weighs 679 grams. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Amazfit Announces Deals on Smartwatches for Amazon Prime Day Sale; Helio Ring May Launch Soon" ,  Amazfit has announced multiple offers on its smartwatches that will be live during the upcoming Amazon Prime Day sale. During the sale, which runs on July 21-22, buyers can get discounts of up to 55 percent on smartwatches such as Amazfit Active, Amazfit Balance, and Amazfit Edge. This announcement comes amidst a report that the smart wearable brand may launch the Helios Ring during the Prime Day sale. Amazfit Smartwatches Offers During Amazon Prime Day According to the company, it will offer discounts on some of its best-selling smartwatches. Although the offers will be live only during the Amazon Prime Day sale, buyers can wishlist the smartwatches now and purchase them later. The following discounts have been introduced: Amazfit Active - This smartwatch comes with an MRP of Rs. 19,999. However, it will be available with a 50 percent discount during the Prime Day sale and can be purchased for Rs. 9,999. DMRC Launches Digital QR Code-Based Ticketing Service Via Amazon Pay Amazfit Active Edge - The rugged smartwatch from Amazfit usually retails for Rs. 19,999. Buyers can grab it with a 55 percent discount during the sale, plunging its price to Rs. 8,999. Amazfit BIP 5 Unity - A more affordable option in Amazfit's smartwatch lineup, the BIP 5 has an MRP of Rs. 7,999. However, it will be offered with a 37 percent discount during Amazon Prime Day, taking its price down to Rs. 4,999. Amazfit Balance - One of the more expensive options, the Amazfit Balance retails for Rs. 30,999. During the sale, it will be offered at Rs. 21,999, which translates into a discount of 29 percent. Amazon Prime Day: Galaxy M35, iQoo Z9 Lite and More New Phones to Launch Amazfit Helio Ring Launch Date (rumoured) In addition to offers on its smartwatches, Amazfit may also launch its smart ring in India, dubbed Amazfit Helio, during the Amazon Prime Day sale. The smart ring was first showcased at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2024 in January. It was allegedly spotted on Amazon recently along with several specifications. As per a SmartPrix report, Amazfit Helio Ring may come in two sizes: 10 and 12. In terms of dimensions, it is tipped to be 2.6mm thick and weigh 4g. The smart ring is speculated to be made of Titanium alloy and sport a textured design. It may be backed by a Lithium-Ion battery. Samsung Galaxy M35 5G India Launch Teased on Amazon The listing suggests Amazfit Helio Ring may pack bio-monitoring features functioning via heart-rate, SpO2 and Electrodermal Activity (EDA) sensors. It may also come with Zepp app integration, enabling users to track their health, fitness and other metrics from their smartphone. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google DeepMind Is Integrating Gemini 1.5 Pro in Robots That Can Navigate Real-World Environments" ,  Google DeepMind shared new advancements made in the field of robotics and vision language models (VLMs) on Thursday. The artificial intelligence (AI) research division of the tech giant has been working with advanced vision models to develop new capabilities in robots. In a new study, DeepMind highlighted that using Gemini 1.5 Pro and its long context window has now enabled the division to make breakthroughs in navigation and real-world understanding of its robots. Earlier this year, Nvidia also unveiled new AI technology that powers advanced capabilities in humanoid robots. Google DeepMind Uses Gemini AI to Improve Robots In a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), Google DeepMind revealed that it has been training its robots using Gemini 1.5 Pro's 2 million token context window. Context windows can be understood as the window of knowledge visible to an AI model, using which it processes tangential information around the queried topic. For instance, if a user asks an AI model about “most popular ice cream flavours”, the AI model will check the keyword ice cream and flavours to find information to that question. If this information window is too small, then the AI will only be able to respond with the names of different ice cream flavours. However, if it is larger, the AI will also be able to see the number of articles about each ice cream flavour to find which has been mentioned the most and deduce the “popularity factor”. DeepMind is taking advantage of this long context window to train its robots in real-world environments. The division aims to see if the robot can remember the details of an environment and assist users when asked about the environment with contextual or vague terms. In a video shared on Instagram, the AI division showcased that a robot was able to guide a user to a whiteboard when he asked it for a place where he could draw. View this post on Instagram           A post shared by Google DeepMind (@googledeepmind) “Powered with 1.5 Pro's 1 million token context length, our robots can use human instructions, video tours, and common sense reasoning to successfully find their way around a space,” Google DeepMind stated in a post. In a study published on arXiv (a non-peer-reviewed online journal), DeepMind explained the technology behind the breakthrough. In addition to Gemini, it is also using its own Robotic Transformer 2 (RT-2) model. It is a vision-language-action (VLA) model that learns from both web and robotics data. It utilises computer vision to process real-world environments and use that information to create datasets. This dataset can later be processed by the generative AI to break down contextual commands and produce desired outcomes. OpenAI, Google DeepMind Workers Demand the Right to Warn About AI Risks


This New Gemini Extension Could Set Alarms and Timers on Your Phone


Gemini App Might Let You Talk to AI in Two Separate Windows Simultaneously At present, Google DeepMind is using this architecture to train its robots on a broad category known as Multimodal Instruction Navigation (MIN) which includes environment exploration and instruction-guided navigation. If the demonstration shared by the division is legitimate, this technology might further advance robotics. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Bihar Officials Plan State-Wide Uniform Blockchain for IT, E-Governance Uses, Invites Bidders" ,  Blockchain, the underlying technology supporting cryptocurrencies and other Web3 ecosystems, has been garnering interest from Indian government bodies for some time. Recently, Bihar has become the latest state to explore the potential applications of blockchain in India. The Bihar State Electronics Development Corporation (BSEDC) has announced plans to implement a blockchain system designed to enhance e-governance and support IT businesses within the state. To this end, the authorities have invited reputable IT firms to submit proposals for the development of this infrastructure. About Bihar's Blockchain Plan In a detailed proposal seen by Gadgets360, the BSEDC claimed that the departments affiliated to the government of Bihar wish to leverage the security, transparency, and permanency of stored records, which the blockchain technology brings to the table through the Bihar Blockchain Service Infrastructure (BBSI). Web3 Startups Surge in Asia, Europe Amid Legislation Expansion: Report Alongside e-governance, Bihar is also looking to implement blockchain-based applications and solutions across other sectors including agriculture, land records, public distribution system, benefits tracking and distribution, data integrity as well as healthcare. “The platform would provide an immutable ledger secured by cryptography and peer-to-peer networking which would allow applications to secure and verify government data and documents. Additionally, it would host a family of smart contract enabled workflows that would allow departments to build efficient, non-repudiable and automated workflows,” the details shared by the BSEDC noted. Through this initiative, the government in Bihar is attempting to create a state-wide uniform digital ecosystem and offer tamper-proof e-governance assistance to its citizens as well as business ecosystems. The companies that wish to apply as a developer for the BBSI have until August 8 to submit their required documents and a detailed proposal on how they plan to create this platform. How Indian Fintech Firms Reacted to Basel Committee's Crypto Rules “The proposals submitted must be valid for 120 days from the date of submission BSEDC will make its best efforts to select a firm within this period. Bidder who will quote the lowest amount will become the successful bidder,” the BSEDC added. Opinions from Industry Insider “A national uniform blockchain is best suited for projects under the central government's purview, such as banking and payments,” Sharat Chandra, Founder of EmpowerEdge Ventures, told Gadgets360. Chandra has been working with multiple state governments in India to experiment with and fund blockchain initiatives. Chandra explained that state governments in India have the liberty to design and implement projects at their discretion. This allows them to test the uses of blockchain, which offers advantages over traditional servers that are expensive to maintain and prone to hacking, among other drawbacks. Discussing potential challenges, Chandra said, “Most government processes are disjointed and still not digitized. There are challenges with respect to integration with legacy systems, and ensuring data localization drives up the cost of implementation.” Bihar is not the only state in India trying to integrate blockchain into their internal tech infrastructure. Telangana and Maharashtra are among other states that are testing blockchain technology.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro XL, Pixel 9 Pro Fold Price Points, Colour, Storage Details Revealed in New Leak" ,  Google's hardware launch event for the Pixel 9 family is less than a month away. The upcoming series is believed to include a vanilla Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro XL, and Pixel 9 Pro Fold. While we already know quite a bit about these models, a new leak suggests their European pricing, colours, and storage configurations. The regular Pixel 9 is said to be available in two storage options, while the Pixel 9 Pro XL could be offered in four storage options. Pixel 9 series prices leaked French publication Dealabs has leaked the pricing, colour options, and storage details of the Pixel 9 series in France. As per the report, Google Pixel 9 will be priced at EUR 899 (roughly Rs. 81,000) and EUR 999 (roughly Rs. 91,000) for the 128GB and 256GB storage versions, respectively. It could be offered in Cosmo, Mojito, Porcelain, and Obsidian shades. The Pixel 9 Pro, in contrast, is tipped to start at EUR 1,099 (roughly Rs. 99,000) for the 128GB version. The 256GB and 512GB storage models are said to cost EUR 1,199 (roughly Rs. 1,09,000) and EUR 1,329 (roughly Rs. 1,20,000) respectively. The top-end version will be allegedly available in Obsidian and Hazel shades, while the other two could also get Porcelain and Pink finishes. Google Pixel 9 Series Tipped to Get Ultrasonic In-Display Fingerprint Sensor Meanwhile, the Pixel 9 Pro XL will be reportedly priced at EUR 1,199 for the 128GB model. The 256GB, 512GB and 1TB storage models are said to be priced at EUR 1,299 (roughly Rs. 1,20,000), EUR 1,429 (roughly Rs. 1,30,000), and EUR 1,689 (roughly Rs. 1,53,000), respectively. The top-end version is tipped to be available in Obsidian shade, while the 128GB and 512GB models may get Porcelain and Hazel hues as well. The 256GB variant could be offered in an additional Pink colour. Finally, the Pixel 9 Pro Fold's price could be set at EUR 1,899 (roughly Rs. 1,72,000) for the 256GB version and EUR 2,029 (roughly Rs. 1,85,000) for the 512GB variant. The Pixel Fold successor is tipped to be available in Porcelain and Obsidian colours. Google Pixel Watch 3 Tipped to Offer These Upgrades Over Pixel Watch 2 The leaked pricing of the Pixel 9 series indicates potential price hikes compared to last year's models. The base Pixel 8 was priced at EUR 799, while the base variants of Pixel 9 Pro Fold and Pixel 9 Pro seem to have the same pricetags as their predecessors. 




title = "OnePlus 12R Sunset Dune Colourway Launched in India; Sale Begins July 20" ,  OnePlus 12R was launched in India in a new colourway – Sunset Dune, on Friday. According to the company, this colourway has been introduced in a single storage configuration and comes with several offers, including no-cost EMI and free OnePlus Buds 3 on purchase. However, the refreshed colourway is only a cosmetic upgrade, with no notable changes to the smartphone's specifications. It becomes the first of the two smartphones launched by OnePlus this month, ahead of the introduction of the OnePlus Nord 4 on July 16. OnePlus 12R Sunset Dune Price in India OnePlus 12R Sunset Dune colourway is priced in India at Rs. 42,999. It will be available in a single 8GB RAM+256GB storage configuration which was introduced in March. In terms of availability, the handset can be purchased starting July 20, the company has confirmed. The new Sunset Dune colourway joins Cool Blue and Iron Gray as the colour options for the smartphone. As per the company, buyers can avail of bank discounts of Rs. 3,000 with ICICI Bank and OneCard Credit Cards and EMI transactions. Furthermore, OnePlus is also bundling OnePlus Buds 3 with the Sunset Dune variant of the OnePlus 12R at no extra cost. Those who do not wish to pay the whole amount in one go can avail of 9-month no-cost EMI options. OnePlus Nord 4 to Get as Many Android OS Updates as the OnePlus 12 OnePlus 12R Specifications OnePlus 12R sports a 6.78-inch LTPO 4.0 AMOLED display with a resolution of 1,264x2,780 pixels and a 120Hz refresh rate. Under the hood, it is powered by the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 chipset, paired with up to 12GBLPDDR5x RAM and up to 256GB UFS 3.1 storage. It runs on OxygenOS 14 based on Android 14. The smartphone is equipped with a Cryo-Velocity Cooling System for maintaining thermal efficiency. OnePlus Pad 2, Nord Buds 3 Pro, Watch 2R Renders, Specifications Tipped


OnePlus Nord 4, Pad 2, Watch 2R, Nord Buds 3 Pro to Launch on July 16 For optics, the handset features a triple rear camera setup with a primary 50-megapixel Sony IMX890 camera, a an 8-megapixel ultra-wide-angle sensor, and a 2-megapixel macro camera. It also gets a 16-megapixel selfie camera on the front. The OnePlus 12R is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for 100W SuperVOOC wired charging. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Will Reportedly Launch Before the End of 2024: Expected Specifications" ,  Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 may launch before the end of the year, according to a report. The South Korean tech giant recently launched its foldable phones Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 along with several other products at the Galaxy Unpacked event on Wednesday. However, it did not introduce any tablet. Until now, there no was official news about Samsung's purported tablet, with only leaks and rumours surfacing. However, a company official has now reportedly confirmed its impending launch. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Launch Date According to a report by Android Authority, a Samsung South Africa executive confirmed that the Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 will launch soon, stating that “There will be a Tab S10 series”. Although the official did not delve into any details about the purported tablet, they confirmed its release timeline. As per the claims, Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 will launch before the end of the year. The tablet was previously tipped to launch at the Galaxy Unpacked event on July 10. However, there was no sign of it, despite Samsung debuting a series of ecosystem products, including foldable smartphones, smartwatches and its first-ever smart ring. Redmi Pad Pro Is Officially Confirmed to Launch in India Soon Samsung's upcoming tablet series – a successor to the Galaxy Tab S9 – is tipped to have three variants: Galaxy Tab S10, Tab S10+, and Tab S10 Ultra. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Specifications (Expected) According to a report, there may not be a Samsung Galaxy S10, meaning the South Korean tech giant could unveil its tablet series without a standard variant. Only the Galaxy Tab S10+ and Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra may see the light of day. Both tablets are speculated to sport large AMOLED screens that are at least 12 inches in size. Meanwhile, a Geekbench listing for the Galaxy Tab S10+ suggests it may be powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset paired with 12GB RAM. It may run on Android 14 out of the box and come with model number SM-X828U. As per the listing, the Galaxy Tab S10+ scored 2,141 and 6,952 points on the single and multi-core tests, respectively. Apple Eyes to Start iPad, AirPods Charging Case Production in India: Report


OnePlus Pad 2 Specifications Leaked; Tipped to Launch in India On the other hand, the Samsung Galaxy S10 Ultra may come with a 14.6-inch AMOLED screen which may be similar to the existing model. It is tipped to retain the quad-speaker setup with sound by AKG. The S-Pen is said to be magnetically attachable to the back of the tablet. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "NPCI International Collaborates With Qatar National Bank to Launch QR Code-Based UPI Payments" ,  NPCI International Payments Limited (NIPL), the international arm of the payments organisation, has signed an agreement with Qatar National Bank (QNB) to launch QR code-based Unified Payments Interface (UPI) payments across the country. With this move, Indian tourists and travellers can scan QR codes to make UPI payments across multiple retail touchpoints as well as hotels, duty-free shops, and more in Qatar. Notably, this development comes just days after the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) launched a similar initiative in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) in partnership with Network International. NIPL and QNB Launch UPI Payments in Qatar In a press release, NIPL highlighted that the initiative is aimed at benefiting Indian tourists and travellers visiting Qatar. The facility will allow users to make UPI payments across retail stores, tourist attractions, leisure sites, duty-free shops, and hotels. NIPL highlighted that this initiative will see a significant impact as Indians are the second largest group of international visitors to Qatar. NIPL further highlighted that using UPI as a payment method will also cut down on traveller's time as it is both faster and more convenient than traditional options. Notably, UPI can only be used if the user has an account in an Indian bank. NPCI Introduces QR Code-Based UPI Payments in UAE With this move, Qatar joins countries like France, Sri Lanka, Mauritius, and UAE, who have all launched UPI services in their respective countries and now allow Indian travellers to opt for QR code scanning to make purchases and payments. RBI Working to Expand UPI to 20 Countries by 2028-29: RBI Annual Report


Paytm Bags NPCI Approval for User Migration to New PSP Banks UPI was launched in 2016 as a real-time payment system that allows users to link multiple bank accounts using a compatible mobile app and make payments using it. To make transactions secure, users are required to add a PIN code that needs to be entered every time they make a payment. NPCI has also added maximum daily limits to add more security layers to the technology. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Bixby to Reportedly Get a Gen AI Upgrade, Could Compete With Apple Intelligence-Powered Siri" ,  Samsung's Bixby, the company's native virtual voice assistant, is reportedly getting a generative AI upgrade. A report claimed that Bixby will be infused with the South Korean tech giant's own large language model (LLM) to bring new capabilities and features. However, these features were not disclosed. Earlier this week, the company hosted its second Galaxy Unpacked event of the year and introduced several new Galaxy AI features for the Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6, and Galaxy Buds 3 series. Bixby to Reportedly Get an AI Makeover TM Roh, President and Head of Mobile eXperience Business at Samsung Electronics, told CNBC about the development and said, “We're going to advance Bixby with application of Gen AI technology.” He also added that the new Bixby will be available later this year. This will be a major upgrade in the capability of the virtual voice assistant that was first introduced in 2017 with the Galaxy S8 series. Compared to the voice assistants offered by competitors such as Google Assistant and Siri, Bixby does offer some unique features. For instance, Bixby Home can update the homepage constantly based on the user's behaviour and show information about the weather, reminders, news articles, and more. Bixby Vision, on the other hand, allows users to scan an object using the camera on the device. Bixby will then identify it and provide information about it. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Z Flip 6 First Impressions While these features make Bixby unique, the Samsung voice assistant struggles with the same issues as other existing assistants — not understanding contextual commands and being incapable of performing complex tasks. These might see an improvement with the integration of AI. Notably, while Roh reportedly mentioned in-house generative AI, he did not specify whether Galaxy AI will be used for this. The timing of the announcement is also interesting. Last month, Apple introduced its own suite of AI features under the Apple Intelligence umbrella. These AI features were integrated into existing apps. Siri was the main focus with multiple new features including emotive and conversational tone, the capability of performing tasks in third-party apps, and even using ChatGPT to find answers to more tricky queries. New Galaxy AI Features Are Coming to Samsung’s Foldable Smartphones


Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Z Flip 6, Galaxy Wearables Prices in India Revealed With the new Bixby reported to arrive later this year, it will be interesting to see how the two voice assistants compare with one another. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Oppo Reno 12 5G Series With MediaTek Dimensity 7300-Energy SoC, AI Features Debuts in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G and Reno 12 5G were launched in India on Friday (July 12). The new flagship lineup runs on MediaTek Dimensity 7300-Energy chipsets and boasts AMOLED displays with up to 120Hz refresh rate. They ship with ColorOS 14.1 based on Android 14 and flaunt triple rear camera units led by a 50-megapixel Sony LYT600 camera. The Oppo Reno 12 series was launched in China and select global markets in recent months. The international versions have a similar Dimensity 7300-Energy SoC under the hood. In China, the Reno 12 carries a MediaTek Dimensity 8250 Star Speed Edition chipset, while the Reno 12 Pro runs on MediaTek Dimensity 9200+ Star Speed Edition SoC. Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G, Oppo Reno 12 5G price in India, availability The Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G is priced at Rs. 36,999 for the 12GB RAM + 256GB storage version and Rs. 40,999 for the 12GB RAM + 512GB storage model. It is offered in Space Brown and Sunset Gold shades. It will go on sale from July 18. Meanwhile, the Oppo Reno 12 5G is priced at Rs. 32,999 for the 8GB RAM + 256GB storage version. It is scheduled to go on sale from July 25 in Astro Silver, Matte Brown and Sunset Peach shades. Both phones will go on sale through Flipkart and Oppo India website. Oppo Reno 12F 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC Goes Official Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G, Oppo Reno 12 5G specifications The dual-SIM (Nano) Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G and Oppo Reno 12 5G run on Android 14-based ColorOS 14.1. Oppo is promising three years of OS upgrades and four years of security upgrades for the new phones. They boast a 6.7-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,412 pixels) quad-curved AMOLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate, 394ppi pixel density and 20:9 aspect ratio. The display has HDR10+ support and is touted to deliver 1200nits peak brightness in outdoors. The Oppo Reno 12 Pro's screen has Corning Gorilla Glass Victus 2 protection, while the Reno 12 has Corning Gorilla Glass 7i coating. As mentioned, the Oppo Reno 12 series runs on a custom octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 7300-Energy SoC with up to 12GB of LPDDR4X RAM and 512GB of UFS 3.1 onboard storage. The onboard storage can be expanded up to 1TB through a microSD card. On the camera front, the Oppo Reno 12 5G series has a triple rear camera setup. The camera setup of the Pro model includes a 50-megapixel primary Sony LYT600 sensor with OIS (optical image stabilisation), an 8-megapixel Sony IMX355 ultra wide-angle camera and a 50-megapixel Samsung S5KJN5 telephoto sensor with 2x optical zoom. On the front, it boasts a 50-megapixel Samsung S5KJN5 selfie shooter. The Oppo Reno 12 5G gets the same 50-megapixel Sony LYT600 sensor with OIS. The primary camera is accompanied by an 8-megapixel Sony IMX355 sensor and a 2-megapixel macro sensor. For selfies, it carries a 32-megapixel front camera. Oppo A3 With Snapdragon 695 5G SoC, 5,000mAh Battery Debuts Both Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G and Reno 12 5G ship with AI-integrated features including AI Summary, AI Record Summary, AI Clear Voice, AI Writer, and AI Speak. They offer AI-based camera features including AI Best Face, and AI Eraser 2.0. Connectivity options on the Oppo Reno 12 5G series include 5G, Bluetooth 5.4, IR Blaster and Wi-Fi 6. They have an in-display fingerprint sensor for authentication and support face unlock feature. They have an IP65-rated build. Oppo has packed a 5,000mAh battery on the Reno 12 5G series with 80W SuperVOOC charging support. This fast charging feature is claimed to fill the battery from 1 per cent to 100 percent in just 46 minutes. The Pro model measures 161.4x74.7x7.40mm and weighs 180 grams whereas the vanilla model measures 161.4x74.1x7.6mm and weighs about 177 grams.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Nord 4 Confirmed to Receive Four Android OS Updates; Company Reveals Increased Battery Longevity" ,  OnePlus Nord 4 will be launched by the company at its Summer Launch event that is scheduled for next week, and details of the phone are now being revealed ahead of its debut. The midrange smartphone is set to become the handset with the longest overall software support window offered by OnePlus to date, even beating more expensive models such as the flagship OnePlus 12 and the OnePlus Open. Meanwhile, the firm has also revealed that the OnePlus Nord 4 is equipped with a battery that offers greater longevity than its predecessor. OnePlus Nord 4 Software Support Window Announced Ahead of the upcoming OnePlus Summer Launch event that will take place on July 16 at 6:30pm IST, the company has created a microsite on its website teasing various details of the upcoming devices. The OnePlus Nord 4 is scheduled to receive four Android OS updates, which means that it will get the same number of OS updates as the OnePlus 12, the company's current-generation flagship smartphone. The four-year update window matches that of the OnePlus 12 as well as rivals Samsung's midrange smartphones such as the Galaxy A55 and Galaxy A35. Unlike these handsets, which are promised to get five years of security updates, OnePlus says the Nord 4 will get six years of security patches. However, the company hasn't revealed whether these will be rolled out on a monthly, bi-monthly, or quarterly basis. OnePlus Pad 2, Nord Buds 3 Pro, Watch 2R Renders, Specifications Tipped OnePlus Nord Battery Longevity Features Revealed OnePlus has also confirmed that the Nord 4 will be equipped with a battery with improved longevity compared to its predecessor, the OnePlus Nord 3. It is certified to retain over 80 percent of its capacity over a four-year period, after 1,600 charging cycles, according to the company. OnePlus Pad 2 Specifications Leaked; Tipped to Launch in India


OnePlus 13, OnePlus Ace 4 Tipped to Feature 6,000mAh Batteries


OnePlus Nord 4 Price in India, Launch Date, Design, Specifications Tipped


OnePlus Nord 4, Pad 2, Watch 2R, Nord Buds 3 Pro to Launch on July 16 While the company is yet to reveal all of the smartphone's specifications, including the actual battery capacity, recent reports have given us a fair idea of what to expect from the OnePlus Nord 4. It is said to run on a Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 chipset from Qualcomm, pack a 5,500mAh battery, and sport an AMOLED screen with a 1.5K resolution. Details related to pricing and availability will be announced at the upcoming OnePlus Summer Launch event on July 16. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp for Android Reportedly Testing Transcription Feature for Voice Messages" ,  WhatsApp for Android is testing a new feature which may let users transcribe voice messages, according to a report. It was spotted by a feature tracker in a beta version of the WhatsApp app for the Android platform. With this, users may be able to generate transcriptions for voice messages they have sent and received. A similar feature was reportedly introduced on the WhatsApp beta for iOS a few months ago, and it is now said to be making its way to the Android platform too. Voice Message Transcriptions According to WhatsApp feature tracker WABetaInfo, a new banner may appear below a voice transcription, asking the user if they wish to get a transcription of the voice message they have sent or received. As per the claims, the feature was spotted in WhatsApp for Android beta app version 2.24.15.5.  Voice Message Transcription Feature on WhatsAppqPhoto Credit: WABetaInfo The feature is speculated to prove useful in situations where listening to audio recordings isn't a possibility on the instant messaging platform. Furthermore, users who exchange lengthy voice messages may be able to better understand by getting a transcription. The voice message transcription feature is said to support five languages: English, Hindi, Portuguese (Brazil), Russian, and Spanish. The feature tracker claims that the voice message transcription option is available to some beta testers who are on the latest version of WhatsApp for Android beta via the Google Play Beta program. Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to verify the availability of this feature on WhatsApp beta for Android. However, it is possible that it may be rolling out to users slowly. WhatsApp Begins Rolling Out This Feature to Keep New Group Members Safe


WhatsApp Updates Channel Check Marks to This Colour to Match Instagram


Google Photos May Soon Allow Users to Share Weekly Highlights With Others Other Features WhatsApp is reported to be testing another feature – a dedicated video note mode for the camera interface. With this change, a button for recording video notes may appear in the camera UI alongside the existing Video and Photo options. It is said to have been spotted in the beta build of WhatsApp on both Android and iOS platforms. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, 120W Fast Charging Support Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ was launched in China on Thursday (July 12). The new Neo 9 series flagship smartphone by the Vivo sub-brand comes in three colour options and is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. It houses a 5,500mAh battery with support for 120W fast charging. The iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ boasts an LTPO OLED display with up to 144Hz refresh rate and is offered in five RAM and storage configurations. The new handset arrives as a close sibling of the iQoo Neo 9 and Neo 9 Pro. iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ price, availability Price of iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ starts at CNY 2,999 (roughly Rs. 34,000) for the 12GB + 256GB variant. The 12GB + 512GB variant is priced at CNY 3,399 (roughly Rs. 39,000). The 16GB + 256GB and 16GB + 512GB options are priced at CNY 3,299 (roughly Rs. 36,000) and CNY 3,699 (roughly Rs. 42,000), respectively. The price goes up to CNY 4,099 (roughly Rs. 46,000) for the 16GB + 1TB variant. It comes in Buff Blue, Star White, and Fighting Black colours. It will be available for purchase in China from July 16. iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ specifications The dual-SIM (Nano) iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ runs on OriginOS 4 based on Android 14, and features a 6.78-inch (1,260x2,800 pixels) AMOLED display with up to 144Hz refresh rate, 20:9 aspect ratio, and 93.43 percent screen-to-body ratio. The new iQoo smartphone is powered by an octa-core 4nm Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, coupled with up to 16GB of LPDDR5X RAM and Adreno 750 GPU. It carries Vivo's self developed Q1 chip as well. iQoo Z9x Review: Budget 5G Redefined? For optics, the iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ has a dual rear camera setup with a 50-megapixel Sony IMX921 primary shooter and a 50-megapixel ultra-wide angle lens. On the front, it features a 16-megapixel selfie sensor. It offers up to 1TB of UFS4.0 inbuilt storage. Connectivity options on iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ include 5G, Wi-Fi 7, Bluetooth 5.4, USB OTG, NFC, Beidou, GPS, GLONASS, GALILEO, and a USB Type-C port. Sensors on board include an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, e-compass, gyroscope, and proximity sensor. The phone packs an ultrasonic 3D fingerprint sensor and supports face unlock feature for authentication. iQoo Z9 Lite Key Specifications Confirmed Ahead of Launch on July 15 iQoo has provided a 5,500mAh battery on the iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ with 120W fast wired charging support. The handset measures 163.53×75.68×7.99mm. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "NBA 2K25 Sets September 6 Release Date, PC Version to Get New-Gen Features" ,  2K has announced NBA 2K25, revealing release date, cover stars, editions and pre-order details for the next instalment in the popular basketball sim franchise. The game will launch across PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series S/X and Nintendo Switch on September 6, with pre-orders now live on all platforms. The publisher also confirmed that the new-gen version of NBA 2K25 will be available on PC for the first time, in addition to PS5 and Xbox Series S/X. NBA 2K25 cover stars announced In a newsroom post Wednesday, 2K also announced that Boston Celtics forward and newly crowned NBA champion Jayson Tatum would be the cover star for NBA 2K25 Standard Edition, alongside WNBA champion Las Vegas Aces' forward A'ja Wilson. NBA legend and newly inducted Hall of Famer Vince Carter, on the other hand, would feature on the cover of the NBA 2K25 Hall of Fame Edition. NBA 2K25 will bring updates to the popular MyCareer and MyTeam modes, while players on new-gen consoles and PC will get access to an added sixth era in MyNBA and “a more compact and interactive City,” 2K said. TopSpin 2K25 Will Release on April 26, Pre-Orders Now Live The new-gen version of the game will be supported on PC for the first time, in addition to being available on PS5 and Xbox Series S/X. This version promises a more authentic ballgame experience, enabled by “ProPLAYTM technology.” According to 2K, PC players with compatible specs will be able to experience the enhanced gameplay in new-gen version of the title. GTA 6 May Not Release by March 2025, Take-Two Revenue Forecast Suggests NBA 2K25 editions NBA 2K25 will be available in four editions across digital and physical formats: A Standard Edition, a WNBA Edition only available in physical format exclusively at GameStop in the US and Canada, an All-Star Edition, and a Hall of Fame Edition that goes on sale September 8. The game is set to launch September 6 on PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series S/X and Nintendo Switch. Pre-orders for NBA 2K25 are now live across all storefronts, with Standard, All-Star and Hall of Fame editions of the game priced at Rs. 3,999, Rs. 5,699 and Rs. 8,500, respectively, on Steam. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Wear OS 5 Will No Longer Support Watch Faces Not Developed Using WFF, Says Google" ,  Wear OS 5 – the latest operating system developed by Google for smartwatches – will no longer support older watch faces on the Play Store, the company announced on Wednesday. The incompatible watch faces include those not developed using WFF (Watch Face Format). Notably, the Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra, launched at the Galaxy Unpacked event, have become the first smartwatches to get the Wear OS 5 firmware and support this new standard. Wear OS 5 Watch Faces In a post on the Wear OS community forum, a Google representative shared details about the changes coming with Wear OS 5. As per the company, only watch faces which meet Google's quality standards and performance will be accessible on smartwatches running the new firmware. Google says users with smartwatches running Wear OS 2 or later will still have access to the existing non-WFF watch faces on the Google Play Store. However, if they transfer their data to a new Wear OS 5 smartwatch, some of the watch faces may not be carried over. Furthermore, select watch faces may not be available for download either. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch Ultra Launched: Details This change is in lieu of the WFF which Google introduced in 2023 in partnership with Samsung. It is a declarative XML format that can be used by developers to design the appearance of watch faces and set their behaviour. Watch faces developed using WFF are claimed to require less maintenance and fewer updates. Furthermore, they are also claimed to have a positive effect on battery life. WFF also bundles the watch face editor in Wear OS, enabling users to tweak watch faces as per their preference. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Z Flip 6, Galaxy Wearables Prices in India Revealed


Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Series Debuts With New Design, ANC, IP57 Rating The company expects all watch faces on the Google Play Store to be developed using WFF “in early 2025”. However, the recently launched Galaxy Watch 7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra are the first watches to come with Wear OS 5. Subsequently, the update may be introduced to other compatible smartwatches in the future. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "OnePlus 12R to Get a Sunset Dune Colour Variant in India Soon" ,  OnePlus 12R will be shortly available in a new colourway in India, the Chinese tech brand confirmed on Wednesday (July 11) through a social media post. The handset debuted in January alongside the OnePlus 12 in Cool Blue and Iron Gray colour options with a starting price tag of Rs. 39,999. The OnePlus 12R is powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC and features a 50-megapixel triple rear camera setup. It houses a 5,000mAh battery with 100W SuperVOOC charging support. Through X, OnePlus announced that the OnePlus 12R will soon get a new colour option in India called Sunset Dune. The brand has shared an image showing the camera unit of new colour variant. The upcoming colour variant will join Cool Blue and Iron Gray shades. OnePlus has not disclosed the availability and features of the Sunset Dune variant, but we can expect it to come with a similar set of specifications and price tag as other colour variants. The OnePlus 12R Sunset Dune is expected to look like the OnePlus Ace 3's Minsha Gold (translated from Chinese) finish. OnePlus Nord 4 Price, Renders, Specifications Revealed in New Leaks The OnePlus 12R was unveiled in India in January with a price tag of Rs. 39,999 for the base 8GB + 128GB RAM and storage configuration. The 16GB+256GB model was available for Rs. 45,999. As present, it is listed on Flipkart with a starting price of Rs. Rs. 39,000. OnePlus Pad 2, Nord Buds 3 Pro, Watch 2R Renders, Specifications Tipped OnePlus 12R specifications The OnePlus 12R runs on Android 14-based OxygenOS 14 and boasts a 6.78-inch 1.5K (1,264x2,780 pixels) LTPO 4.0 AMOLED screen. It has a Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 chip under the hood alongside 16GB of LPDDR5x RAM and a maximum of 256GB UFS 3.1 storage. For optics, the phone flaunts a triple rear camera unit, comprising a 50-megapixel Sony IMX890 sensor, an 8-megapixel ultra-wide-angle camera, and a 2-megapixel macro camera. It has a 16-megapixel selfie camera and is backed by a 5,000mAh battery that supports 100W SuperVOOC wired charging. 




title = "Realme Buds Air 6 Royal Violet Colour Variant to Launch in India on July 15" ,  Realme Buds Air 6 will be available in a third colour option in India starting next week. The true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones were launched in India in May in two finishes alongside the Realme GT 6T. Except for the change in shade, the hardware features of the new colour variant of the Realme Buds Air 6 and other models remain the same. They feature 12.4mm driver, active noise cancellation (ANC), and are claimed to deliver up to total 40 hours of battery life with the charging case on a single charge. The Royal Violet colour variant of the Realme Buds Air 6 will go on sale in India for the first time on July 15 at 12:00pm. They will be available for purchase through Flipkart and Realme's official website. The new colour variant of Realme Buds Air 6 has the same Rs. 3,299 price tag and it will sit alongside the Flame Silver and Forest Green colour options that have already been available in the country since their launch in May. Realme GT 6 Debuts in China With Different Chipset, Bigger Battery Realme Buds Air 6 features Realme Buds Air 6 have 12.4mm drivers with a frequency response range of 20Hz to 40KHz and 32ohms impedance. They provide 55ms latency rate for gaming and offer ANC feature for eliminating external noise up to 50dB. The earphones offer features such as intelligent dynamic noise cancellation, deep noise reduction, moderate noise reduction, and mild noise reduction. They have Hi-res certification as well. Each earbud features two 64dB signal-to-noise ratio feedforward and feedback microphones, along with a dual-core noise cancellation chipset. This combination is said to offer up to 4,000Hz ultra-wideband noise reduction. For connectivity, the Realme Buds Air 6 have Bluetooth 5.3 with support for SBC, AAC, and LHDC codecs. The Realme Buds Air 6 are compatible with voice assistants and includes Google Fast Pair feature and touch controls. They are IP55-rated for dust and water resistance. The earbuds house a 58mAh battery, while the charging case houses a 460mAh battery. The earbuds are claimed to deliver up to five hours of call time with ANC on and up to 40 hours of music playback time with ANC off at 50 percent volume including the charging case. Realme Buds Air 6 Pro Review    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Web3 Startups Surge in Asia, Europe as New Legislation, Crypto-AI Mergers Gain Traction: Report" ,  The crypto sector is undergoing a regulatory revamp in several parts of the world, aiming to make the industry safer for its members. Countries that have initiated these frameworks are seeing a spike in the number of Web3 startups, bringing business and opportunities to their citizens. A recent report by blockchain startup accelerator Alliance has claimed that Europe, Asia, and North America have registered significant expansion in their Web3 startup ecosystems. Europe has deployed a comprehensive set of regulations called the MiCA framework to oversee the crypto sector within its region. In Asia, countries like India, South Korea, and Japan are accelerating efforts to implement laws that bring more transparency to the operations of crypto-related businesses. North American regions like El Salvador, where BTC is legal tender, are also supporting startups with their pro-crypto approach. “Overall, North America, Europe, and Asia continue to be the big three, with each region contributing 1/4 to a 1/3 of all startups,” Alliance said in its report. BWA Highlights Web3 Industry’s Requests, Observations Ahead of Union Budget In the US and Canada, however, the winds are blowing the other way. “In H1 2024 we saw the lowest percent ever of startups from the US and Canada. This is likely due to the regulatory uncertainty in the US and crypto gaining real-world adoption in emerging markets,” the report noted. More Trends Observed Startups merging AI and crypto have emerged as a budding category of Web3 startups, garnering interest from potential founders. These kinds of startups have been linked to the NFT sector, the report said. Worldcoin Foundation Releases World Chain Preview Ahead of Mainnet Launch In addition, Web3 projects exploring Decentralised Finance (DeFi) are also growing despite “little public excitement.” The report showed that Web3 projects are also rapidly exploring use cases in social, payments, and decentralised autonomous organisations (DAOs). According to the findings, 30 percent of founders initiating Web3 startups have had work experience in big tech companies. Alliance categorises ‘big tech' firms as those that are part of the S&P500 group. The findings further said that about only 1/10 founders in Web3 have had experience setting up companies before, which indicates that tech professionals looking to venture into entrepreneurship are showing an interest in exploring opportunities in Web3. Blockchain, cryptocurrency, NFTs, and the metaverse comprise a suite of technologies that make up the Web3 sector. The report presented another insight, claiming that 39 percent of all Web3 startups have two founders, and less than 40 percent are founded by solo founders. “Among startups with two or more cofounders, about half split their equity equally, and half split unequally. Close to 3/4 of startups work fully remotely,” the report noted.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "DMRC Launches Digital QR Code-Based Ticketing Service Via Amazon Pay" ,  Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) expanded its Digital QR Ticketing service to Amazon Pay on Thursday. With this move, Delhi Metro commuters can purchase their travelling tickets online through the platform. The QR code-based ticketing facility was already available via several other apps, but now travellers have an additional way to book their one-way tickets. The purchased ticket will be valid for entry at the source station only till the end of the business day on the day of purchase. DMRC Expands Digital QR Ticketing to Amazon Pay In a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), DMRC announced the initiative in partnership with Amazon Pay. The platform joins the likes of WhatsApp, Paytm, DMRC Momentum 2.0, One Delhi, and Tummoc app, and will offer one-way tickets for Delhi Metro. To avail of this facility, commuters can go to the Amazon Pay tab on the Amazon app and either find the ‘Delhi Metro QR ticket' option in the Quick Actions area or search for it. Tapping on the service will take users to a separate page where they can select the origin and destination stations and number of tickets. Notably, users will only be able to purchase six one-way tickets from one account for the same origin and destination. There is no option to book two-way tickets. Infinix Note 40X 5G Leaks in Live Image; Specifications Tipped Once the payment is made, the commuter will receive a mobile QR ticket instantly. When the smartphone is held in front of the QR code scanner at the Automatic Fare Collection (AFC) gates with the ticket opened, the commuter will be able to enter and exit the gate. Google Photos May Soon Allow Users to Share Weekly Highlights With Others


High-Risk Google Account Users Will Now Be Able to Use Passkeys Notably, the ticket is only valid between the origin and destination stations. In case a commuter over-travels beyond the destination station, they will be allowed to exit after paying the difference in fare at the Customer Care Office located within the station's premises. In case one exits a station earlier than the destination, no refund will be paid. Further, a new ticket can only be purchased from the platform after one hour has elapsed from the previous ticket purchase. Access to the Internet will be necessary to generate a ticket. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Infinix Note 40X 5G Live Image Leaked; Said to Get MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC, 108-Megapixel Rear Camera" ,  Infinix brought the Infinix Note 40 5G to India last month. Now, the Transsion Holdings subsidiary appears to be working on a new Note series phone — Infinix Note 40X 5G. We are yet to hear from the brand about the arrival of a new 5G phone, but ahead of it, a leak shows its alleged design and specifications. Like the Infinix Note 40 5G, the upcoming model could also run on a MediaTek Dimensity chipset and feature a 108-megapixel triple rear camera unit. The Infinix Note 40X 5G is tipped to come with a 5,000mAh Battery with 18W charging support. Infinix Note 40X 5G design, price range tipped Passionategeekz shared alleged live image and specifications of Infinix Note 40X 5G. The image shows the rear design of the phone in a glossy blue finish with a rectangular-shaped camera module housing three sensors and an LED flash. Infinix branding is placed at the bottom.  Infinix Note 40X 5G leak in live imagePhoto Credit: Passionategeekz  As for pricing, the Infinix Note 40X 5G is said to cost around Rs. 10,000 in India. It is said to be offered in blue and starlit black colours. Infinix Note 40X 5G specifications The Infinix Note 40X 5G is tipped to ship with Android 14-based XOS 14 and feature a 6.78-inch full-HD+ (2,436 x 1,080 pixels) screen with 120Hz refresh rate. The phone could be powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 5G SoC paired with 8GB of RAM and 256GB of onboard storage. For optics, the Infinix Note 40X 5G is likely to include a triple rear camera unit headlined by a 108-megapixel main camera. The camera setup could also include two 2-megapixel sensors and an 8-megapixel front camera. It could include Bluetooth and NFC connectivity options. It is said to pack an IR Blaster and an in-display fingerprint sensor for authentication. It could be backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 18W fast charging support.   




title = "Google Photos Reportedly Developing New Feature That Lets Users Share Weekly Highlights With Others" ,  Google Photos – the default media manager on most Android devices – may be developing a new feature called ‘My Week', according to a report. With this feature, users may be able to share their weekly highlights with other family members or friends by sending them invites, similar to a photo journal. It was reported following an APK teardown of the Google Photos app and isn't available to the public yet. My Week Feature on Google Photos In a report, Android Authority, collaborating with tipster AssembleDebug, revealed the feature may be in development. It was reported following an APK teardown of the Google Photos app version 6.90 since the ‘My Week' feature is not live yet. A new tile is said to appear in the Memories carousel of the app – ‘Introducing My Week'.  My Week Feature in Google PhotosPhoto Credit: Android Authority/AssembleDebug As visible above in leaked screenshots, the tech giant describes the feature as “a weekly photo journal for you and a few special people you choose”. Tapping the screen allegedly opens a setup wizard where users can choose the photos they wish to share as part of their weekly highlights and invite people they want. Once the invite is accepted, the receiver will reportedly see the weekly memories in the Photos tab. As per the report, they can then choose to like the photo and even comment on it. Since this is reported to be an invite-only feature, the people invited may be the only ones who can see the shared memories. Apart from ‘My Week', the 6.90 version of the app is also tipped to include several changes to the user interface (UI). the Places section now appears to have a map placed at the top, while opening the photo details may now reveal if it is part of a memory or an album. 10 Billion Downloads Google Photos recently reached a new milestone by crossing 10 billion downloads on the Play Store. The app was introduced in 2015 and crossed the 5-billion downloads mark just five years later. It has now become a widely used platform courtesy of it being the default media manager and photo gallery application on Android phones and tablets. This New Gemini Extension Could Set Alarms and Timers on Your Phone


Spotify Brings Comments to Podcasters App for Deeper Fan Engagement


Instagram to Focus on Short-Form Content Over Long Videos It becomes the 11th app from Google to reach this landmark. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Makes Passkeys Available in Advanced Protection Program for High-Risk Users" ,  Google announced the support of passkeys for its Advanced Protection Program (APP) on Wednesday. APP is the tech giant's strongest level of Google Account security aimed at those users who are at a high risk of cyberattacks. With this move, the company will allow users to enroll for the service and access their accounts without the need for a physical security key. The feature can be accessed with compatible devices and browsers. Additionally, the company also announced its partnership with Internews to provide safety and security support to journalists and human rights workers. Google Rolls Out Passkeys Support to APP Accounts In a blog post, the company highlighted that standard Google Account users can now enroll for the APP service without purchasing physical security keys by opting for passkeys. Earlier, users were required to own two physical security keys to enroll on the service. To log into their account, they required their password and one of the security keys. Physical security keys are small devices that typically resemble a USB drive or key fob. These can be plugged into the device via the USB port, or transfer data via NFC. These physical keys are aimed at making it incredibly difficult for a hacker to break into a device remotely. Moving Data from Google Photos to iCloud Photos May Soon Become Easier Google highlighted that it may not be possible for individuals to always carry a physical key. This is why passkey, which uses biometric or device authentication, has been introduced as an alternative. To register for the service, users can now visit the APP enrollment page, click on Get Started, and follow the instructions displayed on the screen. The company highlighted that users will require a compatible device and browser to enroll using passkeys. APP will also allow users to add recovery options such as phone number and email, another passkey, or security key to help regain access to the account in case they get locked out. Designed by the FIDO Alliance, a passkey is an alternative login authentication method that ditches traditional methods such as SMS codes in favour of biometric or device authentication. The security measure has been adopted by Apple, Google, Microsoft, and other major tech companies in their products and services. This New Gemini Extension Could Set Alarms and Timers on Your Phone


Google’s Upcoming Pixel Buds Pro 2 May Come in Four New Colourways While standard Google Accounts already have passkey support, APP accounts were not included before this announcement. Notably, APP is aimed at people who are at a high risk of cyberattacks such as journalists, elected officials, political campaign staff and human rights workers. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Brings Galaxy AI-Powered Live Translate Feature to Third-Party Apps" ,  Samsung is bringing the Live Translate feature to WhatsApp and other third-party apps, the company announced at the Galaxy Unpacked event on Wednesday. The feature was first announced by Samsung in January with the introduction of Galaxy AI – its suite of artificial intelligence (AI) services for its devices. This development corroborates a previous leak by a tipster which claimed that the Live Translate feature would work on WhatsApp. Live Translate on Third-Party Apps Live Translate is a real-time voice translation feature with support for 13 languages when it was launched. At present, it is only limited to Samsung's first-party apps such as Messages and Phone. During the keynote at Galaxy Unpacked on Wednesday, the tech giant confirmed that this feature is being expanded and will now support voice calls in select third-party apps. Although Samsung did not specify which apps could be included, VoIP apps such as WhatsApp and Telegram are speculated to be part of the list. In addition to its expansion to more apps, the feature is also getting support for additional languages. Samsung says it will support up to 16 languages in July and 20 languages by the end of the year. New Galaxy AI Features Are Coming to Samsung’s Foldable Smartphones Samsung claims that Live Translate works via on-device processing. This means the data is stored locally on the device, instead of being sent to a cloud server for storage. It claims to translate phone calls, text messages and face-to-face conversations in real-time in the user's preferred language. Furthermore, language packs can also be installed on the device for additional language support. This development builds upon a previous leak by tipster Ice Universe who suggested that Live Translate would soon work with WhatsApp. In June, Samsung revealed that it would soon introduce the feature on other apps too. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Series Debuts With New Design, ANC, IP57 Rating


Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Z Flip 6, Galaxy Wearables Prices in India Revealed Other Announcements At Galaxy Unpacked, Samsung made a host of announcements related to both hardware and software. Some of the notable launches include the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 smartphones, Galaxy Watch Ultra and Galaxy Watch 7, and the Galaxy Buds 3 series. Furthermore, Galaxy AI also received new features, including Auto Zoom and Photo Assist, in addition to improvements to existing ones. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google, Apple Partner to Bring New Tool That Allows for Easy Media Transfer Across Devices" ,  Google is introducing a new initiative that makes transferring data from Google Photos to iCloud Photos easier, the company announced on Wednesday. To achieve this, the Mountain View-based tech giant has teamed up with Apple to bring support for iCloud Photos to Google's data portability initiative – Google Takeout – enabling seamless transfer of media to iCloud Photos without deleting it from Google's library that requires downloading the data. Apple-Google Partnership According to a blog post by Data Transfer Initiative, a forum which develops open-source tools for easy transfer of data across devices, Google and Apple have teamed up to introduce a new tool powered by the open-source Data Transfer Project (DTP) technology stack. The feature is said to be rolled out to users next week. Both Apple and Google's support forums now include details regarding the transfer of media from Google Photos to iCloud Photos. According to Apple, users will now see iCloud Photos as a destination in Google Takeout. They can then choose the data they wish to transfer and share permissions media visibility permissions with Google. New Galaxy AI Features Are Coming to Samsung’s Foldable Smartphones The photos and videos will appear in a new “Import from Google” album in the Photos app. The media will also carry the date of the transfer. If some of the photos or videos are missing, they will be available in a folder in Drive with the same name. Once the data transfer is complete, Apple says users will receive a confirmation via email. If, for some reason, iCloud Photos is turned off during the process, only the already transferred media will be visible on the Apple device, as per the company. Only transfer of photo and video files is supported. As per Apple, other media such as Motion Photos, Live Photos, or Memories cannot be transferred. It supports image formats such as JPEG, HEIC or PNG, and MP4 and MOV video formats. Those photos and videos which cannot be transferred to iCloud Photos are shifted to the iCloud Drive. Apple Seeds iOS 17.6 Public Beta 3 for iPhone With Bug Fixes


Apple Brings RCS Support to These Countries With iOS 18 Dev Beta 3: Report This move is part of the data transfer initiative introduced by Apple, Google, and Meta. It aims to enhance data portability by enabling users to transfer their data on the web across devices. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 to Arrive on Xbox Game Pass Later This Month: Report" ,  Microsoft announced in May that Call of Duty: Back Ops 6, the next instalment in Activision's popular first-person shooter franchise, will be on Xbox Game Pass when it launches in October. But the first Call of Duty title on the game subscription service might be arriving much sooner. The Xbox parent is reportedly planning to bring Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 to Xbox Game Pass this month. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 on Game Pass An Insider Gaming report said Monday that last year's Modern Warfare 3 was set to launch on Xbox Game Pass later this month, but did not reveal a specific date. “Insider Gaming couldn't verify an exact release date by the time of publication, but several sources have suggested it will be in the latter half of this month,” the report said. The information was also corroborated by Windows Central later, but neither Microsoft nor Activision have yet confirmed any plans to add Modern Warfare 3 to Game Pass. Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 Confirmed to Launch Day One on Xbox Game Pass No Call of Duty games are currently available on Microsoft's game subscription service. Last year, Microsoft Gaming CEO Phil Spencer said that Call of Duty and other Activision Blizzard games won't appear on Xbox Game Pass until 2024 as regulatory hurdles had delayed the company's acquisition of the Call of Duty maker. Spencer had said at the time that Microsoft could not complete the work required to add Activision titles to the Game Pass catalogue until the buyout was finalised. Black Ops 6 to launch day one on Game Pass Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 will be the first game in the best-selling franchise to arrive day one on Game Pass when it launches October 25. Modern Warfare 3 (review), released November 10 last year, is the most recent game in the series. Older COD titles can also be expected to slowly make their way to Game Pass. Microsoft, however, has not provided a timeline for the same. Xbox Game Pass Prices Are Getting Another Hike Earlier this week, Microsoft hiked the prices of Xbox Game Pass across territories and tiers ahead of the launch of Black Ops 6 on the service. The company also introduced a new ‘Standard' tier for the subscription service that will not offer new first-party titles on launch day. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iPhone 16 Pro, iPhone 16 Pro Max Tipped to Offer Up to 40W Fast Wired Charging" ,  iPhone 16 series is expected to launch in September. As we wait for the official reveal, a new leak claims that the iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max will come with improved wired and MagSafe wireless charging speeds than last year's iPhone 15 Pro models. Apple limited the charging speed at up to 27W wired and up to 15W using MagSafe with the iPhone 15 series. However, the new charging speed should help users top up their phone batteries faster. iPhone 16 Pro may offer fast charging speeds As per a report by ITHome (Chinese), the iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max will offer 40W wired charging support and 20W wireless charging via MagSafe. If this rumour turns out to be true, it would be a notable improvement from the iPhone 15 series. The iPhone 15 series came with a USB Type-C port. However, both the iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Pro support up to 27W peak charging speeds with a compatible USB Type-C charger. The official MagSafe chargers from Apple and authorised third party sellers support up to 15W wireless charging. Apple claims that using a 20W or higher power adapter, all variants in the iPhone 15 family can charge up to 50 percent within 30 minutes, exactly the same as the last-generation iPhone 14. Apple iPhone 15 Review: It's Time to Upgrade iPhone 16 series battery details: What we know so far Besides the charging speed, the iPhone 16 series is expected to bring increased battery capacity compared to their 2023 counterparts. The iPhone 16 Pro Max could have a 4,676mAh battery and iPhone 16 Pro a 3,355mAh cell. The standard iPhone 16 is said to house a 3,561mAh battery. Finally, the iPhone 16 Plus could carry a 4,006mAh battery. As per teardown videos, the iPhone 15, iPhone 15 Plus, iPhone 15 Pro, and iPhone 15 Pro Max have 3,367mAh, 4,383mAh, 3,290mAh, and 4,422mAh batteries, respectively. Apple also seems to be bumping up the energy density of the battery in its next iPhone lineup. Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo claimed that the brand is adopting stainless steel cases for iPhone batteries to meet EU regulations while increasing the battery cell density. iPhone 16 Pro Will Reportedly Get the Periscope Lens From Pro Max Model The iPhone 16 family is speculated to come with larger screens, a new action button, and AI-powered features. The iPhone 16 Pro models are expected to be equipped with an A18 Pro chip. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Microsoft Surface Laptop 7, Surface Pro 11 Copilot+ PCs Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Microsoft Surface Laptop 7 and Surface Pro 11 were launched in India on July 11. The Surface devices made their debut in the international markets last month, and finally, they have arrived in India as well. The company has opened pre-orders of the devices, however, there is no word on the sale date. Powered by the Snapdragon X series chipset, these devices are also dubbed as Copilot+ PCs. Both Surface Laptop 7 and Surface Pro 11 start at Rs. 1,16,999. Notably, earlier this week a leak suggested the India prices of the devices. Microsoft Surface Laptop 7, Surface Pro 11 Price and Availability In a press release, the company revealed the prices for different variants of the Surface devices. The Microsoft Surface Laptop 7 will be available in two different display sizes. Further, each display size comes with different Snapdragon X series chipset and storage options. Similarly, the Surface Pro 11 will be available with either Snapdragon X Elite or Snapdragon X Plus chipset in different storage and display type options. The Laptop 7 will be available in Graphite and Platinum colour options while the Pro 11 will be available in Black and Platinum colourways. The pre-orders for both devices opened today, July 11, and will continue through August 5. Interested individuals can reserve their devices via Amazon, Croma, Reliance Digital, Vijay Sales, and select multi-brand stores. Microsoft has also offered an introductory price of Rs. 1,13,999 for the base model of the devices. Further, Microsoft will offer a complimentary Marshall Major IV Wireless Headset worth Rs. 14,999 as well as a one-month free subscription to Microsoft 365 and PC Game Pass to those who pre-order their device within the stipulated period. The full breakdown of the prices of different models are given below. Surface Pro 11 Model Description Colour India Price     Snapdragon X Plus, 16GB RAM, 256GB SSD Available in Platinum Rs. 1,16,999   Snapdragon X Plus, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD Available in Platinum and Black Rs.1,34,999   Snapdragon X Elite, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD, OLED display Available in Platinum and Black Rs.1,65,999   Snapdragon X Elite, 16GB RAM, 1TB SSD, OLED display Available in Black Rs.1,85,999   Snapdragon X Elite, 32GB RAM, 1TB SSD, OLED display Available in Platinum Rs. 2,37,999 Surface Laptop 7 (13.8-inch) Model Description Colour India Price      Snapdragon X Plus, 16GB RAM, 256GB SSD Available in Platinum Rs. 1,16,999   Snapdragon X Plus, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD Available in Platinum and Black Rs. 1,34,999   Snapdragon X Elite, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD Available in Black Rs. 1,54,999   Snapdragon X Elite, 16GB RAM, 1TB SSD Available in Black Rs.1,75,999   Snapdragon X Elite, 32GB RAM, 1TB SSD Available in Black Rs. 2,07,999 Surface Laptop 7 (15-inch) Model Description Colour India Price     Snapdragon X Elite, 16GB RAM, 256GB SSD Available in Platinum Rs. 1,42,999   Snapdragon X Elite, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD Available in Black Rs. 1,63,999   Snapdragon X Elite, 16GB RAM, 1TB SSD Available in Black Rs. 1,83,999 Microsoft Surface Laptop 7, Surface Pro 11 Specifications The Microsoft Surface Pro 11 features a 13-inch display and a 120Hz refresh rate with options for both LCD and OLED screens. Under the hood, it is powered by the Snapdragon X Plus and Elite chipsets. The device is also equipped with the Qualcomm Hexagon NPU capable of performing more than 40 trillion operations per second (TOPS). The Surface Pro also gets a Flex keyboard that can be detached from the device, a kickstand with a 165-degree hinge, a customisable haptic touchpad, and integrated pen storage. It supports up to 65W fast charging. Xbox Game Pass Prices Are Getting Another Hike


Microsoft Gives Up Observer Seat on OpenAI Board Amid Regulatory Scrutiny


Microsoft Brings Cloud Gaming to Amazon Fire TV Stick With Xbox App The Surface Laptop 7 is available in 13.5-inch and 15-inch display variants. Both are IPS LCD panels with touch support and are protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 5. The device offers a 120Hz refresh rate, HDR support, and Dolby Vision IQ. It also features a neural processing unit (NPU) for AI tasks. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Remnant 2, Crisis Core – Final Fantasy VII – Reunion and More Join PS Plus Game Catalog in July" ,  The PlayStation Plus Game Catalog titles for July have been revealed after some of the games in the lineup leaked this week. Soulslike third-person shooter Remnant II leads the slate of games coming to PS Plus this month, followed by action-RPG Crisis Core – Final Fantasy VII – Reunion, medieval strategy title Mount & Blade II: Bannerlord, party games collection The Jackbox Party Pack 9, isometric RPG Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous and more. All games joining the PS Plus Game Catalog will be available to PS Plus Extra and Deluxe/Premium tier members starting July 16. Revealed on the PlayStation Blog, Game Catalog additions for July arrive after monthly free PS Plus games were announced earlier. The PS Plus titles this month include Borderlands 3, NHL 24 and Among Us, all currently available to PS Plus subscribers across all tiers. PS Plus Game Catalog titles for July Remnant 2 takes aim at the Soulslike formula from the third-person shooter perspective. Sequel to 2019's Remnant: From the Ashes, the game lets players select character classes, each with their distinct skills and abilities, and take on “The Root,” a world-destroying plant species. Players can take on challenging bosses and explore different worlds, while playing solo or co-op with two other friends. Remnant 2 will be available on PS5.  Remnant 2 is a sequel to Remnant: From the AshesPhoto Credit: Gearbox Publishing Crisis Core – Final Fantasy VII – Reunion is the HD remaster of the prequel to Final Fantasy VII. Released in 2022 to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the classic, the remaster updates the prequel title with HD graphics, new 3D models, and fully voiced characters. Serving as a prequel to the original Final Fantasy 7, the game focusses on Zack Fair, a member of the same paramilitary organization as Sephiroth. The game dives into interconnected stories, revealing more about Cloud and Sephiroth through Zack's journey. Crisis Core – Final Fantasy VII – Reunion will be available on both PS4 and PS5. Mount & Blade II: Bannerlord also joins the PS Plus Game Catalog this month. The medieval strategy action-RPG allows players to form their own faction of soldiers and take part in conflicts over a prolonged campaign. In addition to expansive battles, players can also take part in strategic sieges. The game includes eight major factions and is set on the fictional continent of Calradia, with the events running analogous to the Migration Period. The game will be available on PS4 and PS5.  Mount & Blade II: Bannerlord is a medieval strategy titlePhoto Credit: TaleWorlds Entertainment The Jackbox Party Pack 9, a collection of fun party games meant to be played with friends, arrives on PS Plus Game Catalog this month, as well. Featuring dozens of party games and five original titles, The Jackbox Party Pack 9 allows up to 10 players to join in. Other players can join in using phones or tablets. The party pack collection will be available on both PS4 and PS5. Here's the full list of games arriving on PS Plus Game Catalog this month for PlayStation Plus Extra and Deluxe/ Premium members: Remnant II – Standard Edition (PS5) Crisis Core – Final Fantasy VII – Reunion (PS4, PS5) Mount & Blade II: Bannerlord (PS4, PS5) The Jackbox Party Pack 9 (PS4, PS5) Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous (PS4, PS5) No More Heroes 3 (PS4, PS5) Travis Strikes Again: No More Heroes Complete Edition (PS4) Deadcraft (PS4) Steep (PS Plus re-release, PS4) PS Plus Classics Catalog, PS VR2 titles Sony also announced the games coming to PS VR2 and Classics Catalog, available to Premium/ Deluxe tier PS Plus members. These include Job Simulator (PS VR2), Summoner (PS4, PS5), Ratchet and Clank Size Matters (PS4, PS5), and Jeanne d'Arc (PS4, PS5). All PS Plus games will be playable starting July 16. Subscription cost for PlayStation Plus Extra tier starts at Rs. 749 per month in India, while the Deluxe tier plan starts at Rs. 849 per month. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "BWA Anticipates Tax Revisions Before Union Budget, Commends Indian Firms Embracing Web3" ,  The Bharat Web3 Association (BWA) met with industry stakeholders in New Delhi on July 11, ahead of the upcoming budget announcement for FY2024-2025. During the meeting, Dilip Chenoy, the chairperson of this Web3 advisory body, said that the industry is ready to be patient and give the government enough time to access the results of imposing crypto taxes. He did, however, express concerns that this period of analysis is driving India's Web3 circle offshore at a rapid pace. Chenoy, in conversation with the media, said that the existing taxes on cryptocurrencies have not achieved the intended purpose of keeping track of these financial transactions, that are otherwise largely anonymous. Rather, Chenoy said, these taxes are incentivising India's Web3 community to flock to other readily available channels through which, notorious elements could still dabble in illicit activities. “The use of blockchain-related technologies in the enterprise sector has risen in recent times. India boasts over 900 firms operating from within its Web3 sector. Forecasts anticipate the sector to add $1.1 trillion to India's GDP over the next decade, by 2032. We hope that the government rationalises the taxation framework applicable to digital assets in the upcoming union budget,” the BWA said. Worldcoin Foundation Releases World Chain Preview Ahead of Mainnet Launch Suggested Changes for Crypto Tax in India Chenoy, alongside BWA co-directors R. Venkatesh and Kiran Vivekananda said that they have had multiple chances to discuss the future of Web3 with government officials in recent times. Several pro-growth suggestions from the BWA have been presented to the government for consideration. The reduction in TDS on each crypto transaction from one percent to 0.01 percent has been one of the suggestions. The BWA believes investors and entrepreneurs linked to the sector must be able to save something after tax cuts, that gives them opportunities to invest further. The BWA has urged the finance ministry to allow traders of virtual digital assets (VDAs) to offset losses with gains made elsewhere. Valora Unveils Mobile Stack Web3 Apps Launchpad for iOS, Android Apps In addition, the advisory body has adviced that the threshold limit for deduction of tax at source for crypto gains should be increased to Rs. 5 lakh from the existing range of Rs. 10,000 to Rs. 50,000. “India is set to become a Web3 powerhouse despite regulatory uncertainties. The country should not lose the opportunity to become a leader in Web3 because of regulatory delays,” the association noted. Chenoy said the government has not responded to their suggestions yet. BWA's Take on Web3 in India Despite India's scrutiny over cryptocurrency-related activities, the country has maintained a positive stance around exploring the blockchain technology. In recent times, players from India's clinical research sector, ecommerce businesses, as well as the railways industry have dabbled with Web3. The BWA has applauded the exposure of India's enterprise industry with blockchain-related technologies. While the BWA has observed a trend in the rising number of startups and enterprise usecases of blockchain technologies, it has also noted a drop-dead silence around the crypto mining industry in India so far. The association has called for discussions around the same in the months to come, especially now that several parts of the world are allowing crypto mining operations to open more employment opportunities in the regions. Talking about India's eRupee CBDC, the BWA leaders said, Indians are already accustomed to using the UPI here and so the eRupee is not likely to become a buzz. In other nations, however, the use of CBDCs may have more impact among the masses in terms of facilitating peer-to-peer payments, the BWA predicts.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "HMD's First Phone in India May Debut on July 25; Arrow Moniker Dropped Over Legal Reasons" ,  HMD Arrow has been in the rumour mill for quite some time now. The Finnish brand was preparing to launch the device under its own brand in India. Now, HMD officially confirmed that the handset will be unveiled with a different name. While HMD remains tight-lipped about the launch timeline, rumours suggest that it will be unveiled on July 25. The upcoming smartphone could debut as a rebranded HMD Pulse that has been available in Europe since April. HMD Arrow Moniker Dropped Through its social media handles, HMD revealed that it selected the "Arrow" moniker for its forthcoming smartphone, but legal reasons are preventing the brand from using this name. It confirmed that the final name of the phone will be disclosed in a few days. HMD selected the name Arrow for the upcoming phone based on a user contest on X. The brand clarified that the contest entries are still valid and winners will receive the prizes soon. Nokia 215 4G, Nokia 225 4G and Nokia 235 4G Feature Phones Debut: Details While the launch date of new HMD handset remains a mystery, a 91Mobiles report hints that the company is planning to host an event on July 25 in India to launch its first smartphone. The purported phone could offer 5G connectivity. HMD's First Phone in India: What we know so far HMD's forthcoming offering could be a rebrand of the HMD Pulse. The latter was launched in Europe in April this year with a price tag of EUR 140 (roughly Rs. 12,460). It is sold in Atmos Blue, Dreamy Pink, and Meteor Black colour options. Nokia 3210 Makes a Comeback in India With YouTube, UPI Apps The Pulse runs on Android 14 and has a 6.65-inch HD+ (720x1,612 pixels) LCD screen with 600 nits peak brightness and a 90Hz refresh rate. It is powered by an octa-core 12nm Unisoc T606 chip. It has a 13-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel front-facing camera. The phone houses a side-mounted fingerprint scanner and has up to 128GB of inbuilt storage that can be expanded up to 256GB. It is backed with a 5,000mAh battery with support for 10W charging.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Galaxy AI Brings New Features to Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 and More" ,  Galaxy AI was a major talking point during Samsung's second Galaxy Unpacked event of the year in Paris. While the company launched multiple new devices including the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6, Galaxy Buds 3 series, Galaxy Watch 7, and Watch Ultra, as well as the highly anticipated Galaxy Ring, it also introduced new artificial intelligence (AI) features for most of the devices. Notably, Galaxy AI will process all the information from the company's wearable devices and provide comprehensive insights via the Health app. New Galaxy AI Features Unveiled The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 will arrive with several existing and new Galaxy AI features when they go on sale later this month. Among them is Sketch to Image, which is essentially a sketching assistant. It can generate images based on what the user draws or doodles on photos in the Gallery app or in Notes. The feature only works with the Galaxy S Pen. The Composer feature that can draft emails and messages using text prompts has also been added.  Galaxy AI Sketch to Image featurePhoto Credit: Samsung  Note Assist is also being added to both devices. With this Galaxy AI feature, users can record audio, transcribe, and summarise all within the app. The feature can distinguish between 10 different speakers in an audio recording. Another feature is Photo Assist which can reimagine portrait images in different styles via the Portrait Studio. New Galaxy AI Features on Galaxy Z Flip 6 There are some exclusive features for the Galaxy Z Flip 6 as well. The clamshell smartphone gets a new ProVisual Engine for its cameras which is powered by AI. It can detect objects, analyse lighting conditions, and isolate facial features to enhance the images. The AI can optimise images and improve the quality of the objects even at a 10x zoom range.  Galaxy AI Auto Zoom featurePhoto Credit: Samsung  The FlexCam also receives an Auto Zoom feature that can zoom in and out to find the perfect frame for the object. One of the more sophisticated features is Instant Slow-mo. The ProVisual Engine takes a regular video and artificially generates frames based on movement to give it a slow-motion effect. The cover display of the phone, also known as the FlexWindow, is getting a couple of new AI features. Galaxy AI has integrated Suggested replies on the cover display that enables users to write tailored responses to messages received. Users can also add an AI-powered Live effect on photos, which makes it look like a 3D parallax effect. An Adaptive feature lets the image mimic the real-time weather and time, so the user will see nighttime and rain if it is raining outside at night. Live Translate is also being added to both foldables, and it is being expanded to 16 different languages by the end of the month and 20 languages by the end of the year. It will also support third-party messaging and calling apps. It will also work even if the receiver is not a Galaxy user. Galaxy AI Features in Buds 3 Series The Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 series is also getting a couple of useful Galaxy AI features. The Interpreter feature that translates live speech, is coming to the Buds 3. Users can now turn the earphones to Listening mode while connected to the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 and hear the speaker in the local language even if they are speaking in a foreign language. Galaxy Buds 3 series will also support Voice Commands and users can play or stop music without touching the earbuds. The Adaptive EQ and ANC also utilise AI to analyse the sound coming from the earbuds and the environmental noise and change accordingly. Gemini AI Features on Galaxy Devices Apart from Galaxy AI features, Google has also incorporated several Gemini AI features into the new Galaxy Z foldable smartphones. The Gemini app has been optimised for usage on the large screen, making it a good fit for the Galaxy Z Fold 6. Since Gemini can understand the context of videos on YouTube, it will soon be able to respond to queries about particular videos. Notably, this is not an exclusive feature for Galaxy devices.  Gemini AI side panelPhoto Credit: Samsung  Another interesting feature is a side-panel mode for Gemini AI, that leaves enough room for users to multitask and run other applications at the same time. Finally, Circle to Search, which was developed by Google, is also getting an upgrade. Users can now long-press to get a translation for everything visible on the screen. Users can also highlight a word or a phrase to learn more about it. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iOS 17.6 Public Beta 3 Update for iPhone Goes Live With Bug Fixes and System Improvements" ,  Apple released the iOS 17.6 Public Beta 3 update for iPhone on Wednesday. This development comes just a day after the Cupertino-based tech giant seeded the third developer betas for the same update for its devices. However, users do not need to have registered developer accounts to download the public beta updates. While no new features have been reported so far in the update, it is speculated to bring bug fixes and system enhancements. iOS 17.6 Public Beta 3 Update According to Apple's release notes, iOS 17.6 Public Beta 3 is said to offer overall performance improvements and enhanced stability. The update is said to fix an issue that would result in a frozen home screen icon when an offloaded app was reinstalled from a marketplace. Furthermore, it is also said to bring a fix for the notification failure of an app, installed from a marketplace with an expired license, that did not launch. Alongside these issues, Apple says it also rectifies an issue which caused Bluetooth headphone playback issues for audio output with specific AVAudioSession configurations. Notably, the aforementioned issues were also mentioned in the release notes of the iOS 17.6 Beta 2 update which was released on July 1. Apple Brings RCS Support to These Countries With iOS 18 Dev Beta 3: Report Alongside the iOS 17.6 Public Beta 3 update, Apple also rolled out the third public beta updates for iPadOS 17.6, watchOS 10.6, tvOS 17.6, and visionOS 1.3 to users. While proceeding to download the update, users will have to select between the iOS 17 and iOS 18 beta, depending on the firmware they wish to be on, since Apple is running both programs simultaneously. iPhone 16 Series Could Arrive With Face ID Design Changes


iOS 18 Beta 3 Automatically Displays Dark Icons for Third-Party Apps The second iOS 17.6 developer beta introduced a new ‘Catch Up' feature for Apple TV users, enabling them to watch the top highlights and key moments from their favourite sports games if they missed out on it. The feature was first announced in June as part of the MLS Season Pass but made its way to the Apple TV app with the iOS 17.6 developer beta 2. The iOS 17.6 update is widely believed to be the last big iOS 17 update since Apple has already previewed [iOS 18](https://www.gadgets360.com/tags/ios-18) – its next operating system for the iPhone. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple Issues Fresh Warning to Users in 98 Countries Over 'Mercenary Spyware'" ,  Apple has issued an alert to users in several countries, warning them that they might have been targeted in a mercenary spyware attack, in the second such alert issued by the company this year. The latest threat notification has been sent to iPhone owners in 98 countries — six more than the company's previous alert that was pushed to some users in April. In its message to users who might have been targeted in these spyware attacks, Apple asks users to take additional steps to protect their devices. Apple warns users in 98 countries about mercenary spyware attacks In the latest round of threat notifications issued by Apple, users across 98 countries have been warned that they might have been targeted in a spyware attack. The iPhone maker has been informing users in over 150 countries about potential mercenary spyware attacks since 2021, as per the company's support document that was updated earlier this month. “Apple detected that you are being targeted by a mercenary spyware attack that is trying to remotely compromise the iPhone associated with your Apple ID -xxx-,” the company's email states. A similar message was sent to users in April, and Apple doesn't attribute the attack to a specific threat actor or reveal a list of regions where the threat notifications were issued. Apple Intelligence Features Could Arrive on iPhone in Spring 2025 The warning issued to affected users also states that Apple has "high confidence" in the warning, even though "absolute certainty" is impossible to achieve when detecting these spyware attacks. Like its previous threat notification, the company has asked users to take the warning seriously. Users who have received Apple's threat notification are advised to update to the latest version of Apple's iPhone operating system — iOS 17.5.1, as well as the latest version of messaging and cloud-based applications on their smartphone. Apple Said to Be Working on a Table-Top Robot With AI Features


Apple's Game Porting Toolkit 2.0 Helps Bring Windows Games to iPhone, iPad Apple has also asked users to enable the built-in Lockdown Mode that reduces the attack surface of several features on the phone, while reducing some functionality. The company's support document also warns users that its threat notification emails do not include clickable links, and never ask users to send their Apple ID credentials, install apps, or download files — in order to protect users from fraudulent emails that are designed to appear as if they were issued by the company. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Reportedly Brings RCS Messaging Support to Canada, Spain and Other Countries With iOS 18 Developer Beta 3" ,  Apple has expanded the support for RCS (Rich Communication Services) to Canada, Spain, France, and other countries, weeks after introducing it in the US, as per a report. For years, the Cupertino-based tech giant faced flak from its competitors, which mainly comprised Android smartphone makers, for not supporting this relatively new messaging standard and prioritising its proprietary iMessage service instead. At the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024, Apple finally revealed that it would be introducing support for RCS starting with iOS 18 – its new operating system update for the iPhone. RCS Messaging Expanded According to a 9to5Mac report, RCS messaging is now available in Canada, France, Germany, and Spain following the rollout of iOS 18 Developer Beta 3 on Monday. Consequently, it now supports more carriers too. In Canada, Videotron, Telus Mobility and Bell are reported to support RCS, while users in France may be able to access it with SFR. O2 and Telefonica are also said to bring RCS support in Germany and Spain respectively. This development comes weeks after Apple introduced RCS support in the US with the iOS 18 Developer Beta 2 update. A new toggle for the feature was reported in the iPhone's settings. While the feature was suspected to be still inactive, users on social media claimed they can now access it. Messages sent with RCS appear to have an RCS banner within the chat window. Spotify Brings Comments to Podcasters App for Deeper Fan Engagement In the US, only three carriers, AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon are said to support the RCS messaging standard, which was developed by Google. Notably, RCS is a messaging protocol that is claimed to bring better interoperability for cross-platform messaging, supporting GSMA's Universal Profile. According to Google, it provides better features compared to standard SMS, with users having the option to share high-resolution media and larger files. It also brings typing indicators, the ability to make video calls and an improved group chat experience. iOS 18 Beta 3 Automatically Displays Dark Icons for Third-Party Apps


Apple Said to Be Working on a Table-Top Robot With AI Features While RCS messaging can be done using the default message app on smartphones, it also works with the Google Messages app, if the former does not have support for RCS. As of 2020, RCS is said to support 90 telecom operators across 60 countries. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Redmi K70 Ultra Confirmed to Launch in July, Tipped to Debut Alongside Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, Mix Flip on July 18" ,  Redmi K70 Ultra is all set to launch later this month in China. The Xiaomi sub-brand, via Weibo, has confirmed the arrival of the new Redmi K-series smartphone in its home country. The company has also shared posters on the Chinese microblogging platform, revealing the smartphone's rear panel. The Redmi K70 Ultra has a triple rear camera setup that comprises a 50-megapixel main sensor. Xiaomi might be gearing up to reveal the Mix Fold 4 and Xiaomi Mix Flip at the same launch event. Redmi K70 Ultra official teaser images are out The Redmi K70 Ultra aka Extreme Edition will launch in China in July, the company announced on Weibo. The brand is teasing the Ice Glass colour variant of the phone showing off its curved edges and glass back cover. It is confirmed to feature a metal middle frame. The official images suggest that the upcoming phone will have a triple rear camera unit led by a 50-megapixel main camera supporting Optical Image Stabilisation. The teasers confirm a 1.5K AMOLED screen with minimal bezels and 144Hz refresh rate for the Redmi K70 Ultra. The screen is advertised to offer 3,840Hz high-frequency PWM dimming and unified DC dimming. It is touted to lower flickering in dim light and provide more eye protection for watching football and playing games at night. Redmi Note 14 Pro Early Leak Suggests 50-Megapixel Main Camera Redmi, however, didn't disclose the exact launch date of the Redmi K70 Ultra. It is expected to run on MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ SoC. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, Xiaomi Mix Flip, Redmi K70 Ultra launch date tipped Meanwhile, tipster Sahil Karoul (@KaroulSahil) posted a promotional image that revealed the event date and time of Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, Xiaomi Mix Flip, and Redmi K70 Ultra. The tipster claims the handsets will debut on July 18 in China alongside the Mi Band 9. Xiaomi Mix Flip Alleged NCC Listing Shows Live Images, Battery Details Xiaomi confirmed earlier this week that the Mix Flip will launch later in July alongside the Mix Fold 4. The new phones will be the first devices to come out of the new Xiaomi Smart Factory in Changping, Beijing. They are expected to be sold in global markets outside China. The Xiaomi Mix Fold 2 and Mix Fold 3 have only been available in China.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Honor 200 5G Series Camera Specifications Revealed Ahead of India Launch" ,  Honor 200 5G series is confirmed to launch in India on July 18, comprising the base Honor 200 5G and the Honor 200 Pro 5G. Ahead of the launch, the company has revealed key details about both smartphone's cameras. Both models will feature a triple rear camera setup. Honor has partnered with Studio Harcourt, a Paris-based portrait photography studio, to co-develop its AI Portrait engine. Earlier, the smartphone brand revealed that the devices will run on Honor's MagicOS 8.0 skin, which is based on Android 14. Honor 200 5G Series Camera Specifications Revealed Camera details of the smartphone series were revealed on the company's website. The Honor 200 Pro 5G sports a triple rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel H9000 portrait main sensor, a 50-megapixel Sony IMX 856 telephoto camera with 2.5x optical zoom, and a 12-megapixel ultra-wide-angle macro camera. Both the main camera and the telephoto lens come with optical image stabilisation (OIS). On the front, the Pro model carries dual front cameras including a 50-megapixel portrait selfie camera with an f/2.1 aperture and a secondary camera that the company claims is optimised for Indian skin tones. Both front and rear cameras support 4K video recording. Additionally, the higher-end model gets a Pro video mode for high-quality videos. Android 15 Could Bring New Accessibility Feature for Colour Blindness The base Honor 200 5G features a 50-megapixel 1/1.56-inch Sony IMX906 sensor with OIS for the primary rear camera and a 50-megapixel Sony IMX856 telephoto lens. The details about the third camera are not known, but the company said it will be comparable to the Pro model. On the front, it carries the same specifications as the Honor 200 Pro 5G. In addition, the smartphones will also get several new camera features. Three different lighting effects — Harcourt Vibrant, Harcourt Colour, and Harcourt Classic — have been added. The smartphones will also get an AI-powered Night Portrait Mode which is said to capture detailed portraits and backgrounds in low-light conditions. Several other AI effects have also been added. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 Launched: See Price, Availability


Realme GT 6 Debuts in China With Different Chipset, Bigger Battery As per an earlier report, the European variant of the Honor 200 Pro 5G, which was launched recently, features a 6.78-inch display and is equipped with the Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset. It runs on the Android 14-based MagicOS 8.0 skin. The smartphone is backed by a 5,200mAh battery alongside a 100W wired fast charging support. It also supports 66W wireless fast charging. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Neuralink Brain Chip Implant Wires Now Stable in First Patient, Musk Hopes for More Human Trials This Year" ,  The tiny wires of Neuralink's brain chip implant used in the first participant in a trial run by Elon Musk's company have become "more or less very stable", a company executive said on Wednesday. The company had in May said that a number of tiny wires inside the brain of Noland Arbaugh, who is paralysed from the shoulders down due to a 2016 diving accident, had pulled out of position. "Once you do the brain surgery it takes some time for the tissues to come in and anchor the threads in place, and once that happens, everything has been stable," said Neuralink executive Dongjin "D.J." Seo. Elon Musk's Neuralink Says Implant Had Issues After First Human Surgery So far, Arbaugh, based in Arizona, was the only patient to have received the implant, but Musk said he hopes to have participants in the high single digits this year. The company is now taking risk mitigation measures such as skull sculpting and reducing carbon dioxide concentration in the blood to normal level in patients, the company's executives said in a live stream on social media platform X. "In upcoming implants, our plan is to sculpt the surface of the skull very intentionally to minimise the gap under the implant... that will put it closer to the brain and eliminate some of the tension on the threads," Matthew MacDougall, Neuralink's head of neurosurgery, said. US FDA Clears Neuralink's Brain Chip Implant in Second Patient: Report Neuralink is testing its implant to give paralysed patients the ability to use digital devices by thinking alone. The device works by using tiny wires, which are thinner than a human hair, to capture signals from the brain and translating those into actions such as moving a mouse cursor on a computer screen. Musk said during the livestream that the device doesn't harm the brain. The US Food and Drug Administration, in initially considering the device years ago, had raised safety concerns, but ultimately granted the company a green light last year to begin human trials. So far, the device has allowed Arbaugh to play video games, browse the internet and move a cursor on his laptop by thinking alone, according to the company's blog posts and videos. Neuralink is also working on a new device that it believes will require half the number of electrodes to be implanted in the brain to make it more efficient and powerful, the executives said. © Thomson Reuters 2024  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Z Flip 6, Galaxy Watch 7, Watch Ultra and Galaxy Buds 3 Series Prices in India Announced" ,  Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 at the company's second Galaxy Unpacked event of the year, and the foldable phones are also set to make their way to India. Alongside these handsets, Samsung also unveiled the Galaxy Watch Ultra, Galaxy Watch 7, and Galaxy Buds 3 series at the launch event — these devices will go on sale later this month. Meanwhile, Samsung is yet to announce plans to launch the new Galaxy Ring in the country. Samsung is now taking pre-booking orders for all the devices launched today — aside from the Galaxy Ring, of course — via its website, and these devices will go on sale in India on July 24, according to the company. You can refer to the pricing details below to learn more about how much they will cost in India, as well as details of the company's pre-booking offers. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 Price in India, Availability Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 price in India starts at Rs. 1,64,999 for the base model with 12GB of RAM and 256GB of storage, while the handset will also be sold in 512GB and 1TB storage variants priced at Rs. 1,76,999 and Rs. 2,00,999, respectively. The 256GB and 512GB models will be available in Navy, Pink, and Silver Shadow colour options, while the 1TB model comes in a Silver Shadow colourway. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 Launched: See Price, Availability  Samsung is now accepting pre-orders for its newest devices via its website  Pricing for the Galaxy Z Flip 6 in India starts at Rs. 1,09,999 for the 12GB+256GB RAM and storage model, while a 512GB variant will set you back by Rs. 1,21,999. The foldable phone is offered in Blue, Mint, and Silver Shadow colour options. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch Ultra Launched: Details The company's online store will also offer the Galaxy Z Fold 6 in exclusive Black and White colourways, while the Galaxy Flip 6 will arrive in Black, Peach, and White colour variants. Pre-booking offers on the Galaxy Z Fold 6 include a cashback of Rs. 8,000 on HDFC Bank cards or an equivalent upgrade bonus — both offers will be available with a nine-month no-cost EMI. Owners of existing flagship Samsung phones can also avail of an upgrade bonus worth Rs. 15,000. The company's Galaxy Z Assurance program — usually worth Rs. 14,999 — will be offered to customers who pre-book the phones at Rs. 999. Buyers can also get 50 percent off on Samsung covers as well as up to 35 percent off on the new Galaxy Watch 7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra, as well as the Galaxy Buds 3 series. Samsung Galaxy Ring With Up to 7 Days Battery Life Launched in Nine Sizes Galaxy Watch 7, Watch Ultra and Galaxy Buds 3 Series Price in India, Availability Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra is priced at Rs. 59,999, and the wearable will be sold in Titanium Gray, Titanium Silver, and Titanium White colour options. The Galaxy Watch 7 series is available in four Bluetooth and cellular variants. The Galaxy Watch 7 40mm model is priced at Rs. 29,999 (Bluetooth) and Rs. 33,999 (Cellular), and it arrives in Cream and Green colourways. Meanwhile the 44mm model is priced at Rs. 32.999 (Bluetooth) and Rs. 36,999 (Cellular), and it is sold in Green and Silver colour variants. Samsung's new Galaxy Buds 3 Pro is priced at Rs. 19,999, while the Galaxy Buds 3 is priced at Rs. 14,999. Both the truly wireless stereo (TWS) headsets are available in Silver and White colourways Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Series Debuts With New Design, ANC, IP57 Rating Samsung says that customers who pre-book the Galaxy Watch Ultra and Galaxy Watch 7 can avail of a Rs. 10,000 and Rs. 8,000 cashback offers (or equivalent upgrade offers) from multiple banks, respectively. Similarly, the company is offering a pro-booking offer that includes a cashback or upgrade offer worth Rs. 5,000 on the Galaxy Buds 3 Pro, and Rs. 4,000 on the Galaxy Buds 3. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Bitcoin, Ether See Minor Gains as Altcoins Show Varied Moves Amid Growing Selling Pressure" ,  The crypto market is undergoing a period of price correction because of multiple macro-economic factors that are bringing volatility in the market. On Wednesday, July 10, Bitcoin showed a gain of over two percent, taking its value to $59,304 (roughly Rs. 49.5 lakh) on international exchanges like CoinMarketCap. On Indian exchanges, meanwhile, BTC managed to reflect a similar gain percentage to trade between the range of $57,906 (roughly Rs. 48.3 lakh) and $63,577 (roughly Rs. 53 lakh). “The crypto market showed initial signs of recovery as market begins to digest the impact of German government large BTC release, adding to the selling pressure. Bitcoin rose by almost three percent in the last 24 hours. We can expect the markets to remain choppy in the coming weeks. If Bitcoin breaches the $60,000 mark and stays above it for at least two weeks, then we can expect the momentum to sustain,” Shivam Thakral, CEO of BuyUcoin told Gadgets360. Ether showed slightly different trajectories on national and international exchanges on Wednesday. The asset, with a gain of 1.06 percent on international exchanges, is trading at $3,115 (roughly Rs. 2.6 lakh). In India, ETH's price is hovering over the mark of $3,313 (roughly Rs. 2.76 lakh) after seeing a small loss of 1.7 percent, as per Gadgets360's crypto price tracker. Crypto Airdrops Spur Use of Web3 Wallets, DeFi Growth Slows: Report “Caution lingers as the market will absorb 75,000 to 118,000 BTC worth $4.3 billion (roughly Rs. 35,902 crore)-6.8 billion (roughly Rs. 56,776 crore) from Saxony and Mt. Gox customers. The Fed's inflation response with rate hikes is a cloud on the horizon, but controlled inflation could bring price increases,” commented Avinash Shekhar, Co-founder and CEO Pi42 on Wednesday's crypto market situation. Tether, Binance Coin, Solana, Dogecoin, Shiba Inu, Litecoin, and Chainlink reflected losses on the crypto charts on Wednesday. However, a bunch of cryptocurrencies did manage to see small gains on Wednesday. These include Cardano, Avalanche, Polkadot, Near Protocol, Polygon, and Uniswap. How Indian Fintech Firms Reacted to Basel Committee's Crypto Rules The overall crypto market cap rose by 2.73 percent in the last 24 hours. With this, the valuation of the sector is now at $2.17 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,81,18,089 crore), as per CoinMarketCap. Market analysts, manwhile, are closely observing the market movement of Toncoin – which is the native token of the Telegram-linked TON blockchain. “After reaching a low of $7.09 (roughly Rs. 0.085), TON is now trading at $7.28 (roughly Rs. 0.087). Increased whale activity is evident, with nine major transactions totalling 359,000 TON in the past 24 hours, indicating investor optimism,” Rajagopal Menon, Vice President, WazirX told Gadgets360. “TON's price resilience and strategic buying during dips are shown by its ability to maintain above key support levels, with the 50 EMA and 100 EMA serving as crucial indicators.”  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Worldcoin World Chain Developer Preview Launched for Developers Ahead of Mainnet Launch" ,  The Worldcoin Foundation on Monday launched a developer preview of its upcoming World Chain project, allowing developers to try its upcoming blockchain mainnet. Sam Altman's controversial Worldcoin project continues to grow steadily, despite facing regulatory challenges in multiple parts of the world. Sam Altman's controversial Worldcoin project continues to grow steadily, despite facing regulatory challenges in multiple parts of the world, and the World Chain mainnet launch is expected to take place once testing has concluded. World Chain Developer Preview Launched Instead of opting for the traditional method of testing an upcoming mainnet (using a testnet that is designed to help developers point out potential issues with the upcoming mainnet) the Worldcoin Foundation has chosen to have developers test the blockchain on the open-source development framework OP Stack. Why Dubai Customs Has Launched Its Own Blockchain Platform “Worldcoin user transactions currently represent about 44 percent of OP Mainnet's activity, making it the largest application on the network. Often during spikes this rises over 80 percent, and at times it flat out exceeds the limits,” the Worldcoin Foundation said in an announcement on Monday. The World Chain is designed to let Web3 developers avail its scalability feature to connect with more than 10 million on-chain users in 160 countries with compatible wallets. The Worldcoin Foundation has decided to keep this blockchain ‘permissionless', so that ‘all of humanity' can govern it. Valora Unveils Mobile Stack Web3 Apps Launchpad for iOS, Android Apps “Everyone will be able submit transactions to World Chain, but those created by verified humans will be prioritised for faster confirmation times. Verified addresses will also receive an allowance of some free gas,” the Worldcoin Foundation said. The release of the World Chain blockchain is scheduled to take place later this year, but no concrete timelines have been provided by the Worldcoin Foundation. The controversial Worldcoin project aims to provide a universal proof-of-personhood to humans called ‘World IDs'. This ID will distinguish humans from bots and eliminate the need for humans to disclose personal details on web. For people to obtain this World ID, they have to agree to an iris scan via Worldcoin's own biometric device, called the Orb. Multiple governments have expressed concerns about Worldcoin's eye scan collections, citing threats to the security of their citizens, several of whom have already signed up for the project. As of Wednesday, the project has garnered over six million world ID verifications. In the last seven days, 143,620 new accounts have been created as part of the project. In addition, the amount of WLD tokens claimed by the project users has breached the mark of 208 million.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Buds 3, Galaxy Buds 3 Pro With New Design, ANC, Up to 30 Hours Total Battery Life Launched" ,  Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 and Galaxy Buds 3 Pro were unveiled at the Galaxy Unpacked event held in Paris today (July 10). Samsung's latest generation of truly wireless stereo (TWS) earphones resemble Apple's AirPods with stems and Blade Lights marking a big departure from the company's previous design language. They come with an active noise cancellation (ANC) feature and have a dust and water resistance rating of IP57. The vanilla Galaxy Buds 3 earbuds have an 11mm dynamic driver while the Galaxy Buds 3 Pro feature a 10.5mm dynamic driver. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3, Galaxy Buds 3 Pro price Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 are priced at $179.99 (roughly Rs. 15,000) while the Galaxy Buds 3 Pro are priced at $249.99 (roughly Rs. 21,000). They are available in Silver and White colourways. The new earbuds will be available for pre-order starting today with general availability starting July 24. In India, the Pro model is priced at Rs. 19,999, while the Galaxy Buds 3 are priced at Rs. 14,999. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3, Galaxy Buds 3 Pro specifications As mentioned, the Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 series come with a new design. The standard Galaxy Buds 3 have an open type design, whereas the Pro are in-ear type. The Galaxy Buds 3 have a one-way 11mm dynamic driver while the Galaxy Buds 3 Pro have a two-way 10.5mm dynamic speaker with a 6.1mm Planar. Both models pack three microphones, and voice pickup units and offer Active Noise Cancellation (ANC) features to identify surrounding sound and automatically adjust the optimal level of noise and sound without manual adjustment. The Galaxy Buds 3 Pro model offer Ambient sound mode and Voice Detect feature. They are claimed to be capable of distinguishing between noise and human voices. The earbuds switch to Ambient mode when the wearer speaks to reduce media volume allowing to listen to conversations without taking out the earbuds.   Connectivity options on the Galaxy Buds 3 series include Bluetooth 5.4 with support for AAC, SBC, SSC, HiFi, and SSC UHQ codecs. They have an Auto Switch feature that lets users switch between two devices seamlessly on the go. They pack an accelerometer and Hall sensor. They are compatible with handsets running on Android 10 or higher with more than 1.5GB of memory. They are said to offer ultra high-quality audio up to 24bit/96kHz on select Samsung phones like the Galaxy S24 series and the latest foldables with One UI 6.1.1 or above. They are IP57-rated as well. The Galaxy Buds 3 family get a few AI-based features like Interpreter and Voice Command as part of the Galaxy AI package. Turning on the Interpreter in Listening mode will allow users to hear the lectures in foreign languages translated directly through Galaxy Buds. The Voice Command can be used to control functions like playing or stopping music without manually touching the earbuds or a connected smartphone. The Galaxy Buds 3 earbuds are equipped with a 48mAh battery each while the charging case houses a 515mAh battery. The earbuds alone are advertised to provide up to five hours of music time and they are said to deliver up to 30 hours of music playback time on a single charge along with the case. However, when using ANC, the battery life will drop to 24 hours (with charging case). The Galaxy Buds 3 Pro house 53mAh battery in each earbud and the charging case has a 515mAh battery. The company claims that the earbuds can provide up to seven hours of playback time with ANC turned off. They are said to provide up to 30 hours of battery life with the charging case with ANC turned off and up to 26 hours with ANC. The Galaxy Buds 3 earbuds measure 18.1 x 20.4 x 31.9mm while the Galaxy Buds 3 Pro measure 18.1 x 19.8 x 33.2mm. Both models measure 58.9 x 48.7 x 24.4mm and weigh 46.5 grams with the charging case.   




title = "Android 15 May Introduce Colour Correction Intensity Slider for Increased Accessibility: Report" ,  Android 15 – the next big operating system for Android devices – is expected to be rolled out later this year. It was first previewed in February, with Google declaring last month that it had reached “platform stability”, enabling developers to integrate new features with their applications. Ahead of its official rollout, a new report suggests that the update may bring a new accessibility feature in the form of a colour correction intensity slider, aimed at helping out those with colour blindness. New Accessibility Feature on Android 15 According to a report by Android Authority, an intensity slider for the colour correction feature could be introduced with Android 15. For the unaware, this feature enables users with colour blindness to select one of the colour correction modes, depending on their colour vision deficiency. It is said to bring three intensity values: low, medium and high. Users may reportedly be able to manually adjust the intensity of the colour correction that happens when a particular mode is selected, compensating for the specific degree of their inability to see colours, namely deuteranomaly, protanomaly, or tritanomaly. Realme GT 6 Debuts in China With Different Chipset, Bigger Battery The report mentions that the feature wasn't available in the Android 15 Beta 3.1 which was released earlier this month, but had to be manually enabled. Other Accessibility Features In addition to an intensity slider for colour correction, Android 15 is also tipped to bring an easier way to toggle screen magnification. It may be activated via a new two-finger double-tap gesture, enabling those with visual impairments to toggle it quickly, instead of having to delve into the smartphone's settings for its activation. Furthermore, the update is also said to bring a “easy pre-set” feature that may improve readability by enlarging the text and icons, and add the three on-screen navigation buttons on the bottom. Additionally, the feature is also said to add contrast and make text and icons bold. Lava Blaze X 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC Goes Official in India


Android 15 May Bring a New Device Diagnostics Feature for Smartphones Google says Android 15 has reached platform stability. The update is already available in beta to developers and is expected to be introduced publicly later this year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 With Galaxy AI, Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Chipset Launched: Price, Availability" ,  Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 were launched on Wednesday as the latest book- and clamshell-style foldable phones from the South Korean tech conglomerate. At its latest Galaxy Unpacked event, Samsung announced that the two foldables feature support for the company's Galaxy AI features as well as Google's Circle to Search feature and Gemini AI chatbot. They are equipped with a custom Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Mobile Platform for Galaxy. Both the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 are scheduled to receive seven years of Android OS and security updates, according to Samsung. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 Price, Availability Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 price starts at $1,899 (roughly Rs. 1,58,600) for the base model with 12GB of RAM and 256GB of inbuilt storage, while customers can also purchase 512GB and 1TB storage variants priced at $2,019 (roughly Rs. 1,68,600) and $2,259 (roughly Rs. 1,88,700), respectively. On the other hand, the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 is available in a 12GB + 256GB RAM and storage configuration priced at $1,099 (roughly Rs. 91,800). Another variant with 512GB of storage is priced at 1,219 (roughly Rs. 1,01,800). Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Series Debuts With New Design, ANC, IP57 Rating The company says that the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 will be sold in Navy, Pink, and Silver Shadow options, while the Galaxy Z Flip 6 will be available in Blue, Mint, Silver Shadow, and Yellow colourways. Customers who order the handsets from Samsung's online store will have access to Crafted Black and White custom Galaxy Z Fold 6 colour options, while the Galaxy Z Flip 6 will also be sold in online-exclusive Crafted Black, White, and Peach colourways. Pre-orders for both the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 are now open and the company says that the handsets will be available starting on July 24. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Specifications The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 is a dual-SIM (Nano or Nano+eSIM) handset that runs on Android 14 with Samsung's One UI 6.1.1 skin running on top. It is equipped with a custom Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 for Galaxy Mobile Platform from Qualcomm, paired with 12GB of RAM. Samsung Galaxy Ring With Up to 7 Days Battery Life Launched in Nine Sizes The outer screen on the Galaxy Z Fold 6 is a 6.3-inch HD+ (968x2,376 pixels) Dynamic AMOLED 2X display with 410ppi pixel density. On the inside, it sports a 7.6-inch QXGA+ (1,856x2,160 pixels) Dynamic AMOLED 2X Infinity Flex display with a 374ppi pixel density. Both the panels have an adaptive refresh rate that ranges between 1Hz and 120Hz.  Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6  Samsung has equipped the Galaxy Z Fold 6 with a triple outer camera setup that includes a 50-megapixel wide angle camera with dual pixel autofocus, optical image stabilisation (OIS), and an f/1.8 aperture, a 12-megapixel ultra-wide angle camera with an f/2.2 aperture and a 123-degree field-of-view, and a 10-megapixel telephoto camera. It also has a 10-megapixel selfie camera on the cover display with an f/2.2 aperture and a 4-megapixel camera located under the inner screen, with an f/2.8 aperture. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch Ultra Launched: Details The handset is equipped with up to 1TB of storage on the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and the handset offers 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 6E, Bluetooth 5.3, and NFC connectivity. The foldable phone is equipped with an accelerometer, barometer, gyroscope, e-compass, hall sensor, proximity sensor, and an ambient light sensor. The Galaxy Z Fold 6 packs a 4,400mAh battery that can be charged at 25W with Samsung's wired charger that is sold separately. It also supports Fast Wireless Charging 2.0 and Wireless PowerShare for charging accessories. Samsung says that the Galaxy Z Fold 6 has an IP48 rating for dust and water resistance. The smartphone also has a side-mounted fingerprint sensor for biometric authentication. It measures 153.5x68.1x12.1mm when folded, 153.5x132.6x5.6mm when unfolded, and weighs 239g. Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 Specifications Like its larger sibling, the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 runs on the same versions of Android and One UI. It also offers dual-SIM connectivity and is powered by the same Snapdragon chipset along with 12GB of RAM and up to 512GB of storage.  Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6  The cover screen on the Galaxy Z Flip 6 is a 3.4-inch (720x748 pixels) Super AMOLED screen with a 60Hz refresh rate and 306ppi pixel density. On the inside, it features a 6.7-inch Full-HD+ (1,080x2,640 pixels) Dynamic AMOLED 2X Infinity Flex display with a refresh rate that ranges between 1Hz and 120Hz. On the outside, the Galaxy Z Flip 6 is equipped with a 50-megapixel wide angle camera with dual pixel autofocus, OIS, and an f/1.8 aperture, along with a 12-megapixel ultra-wide angle camera with an f/2.2 aperture and a 123-degree field-of-view. On the inner display, the Galaxy Z Flip 6 features a 10-megapixel selfie camera with an f/2.2 aperture. The Galaxy Z Flip 6 is equipped with the same connectivity features and sensors as the Galaxy Z Fold 6. It packs a smaller 4,000mAh battery, with the same charging specifications as its larger sibling. The handset features a side-mounted fingerprint scanner and has an IP48 rating for dust and water resistance. It measures 85.1x71.9x14.9mm when folded, 165.1x71.9x6.9mm when unfolded, and weighs 187g, according to the company. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Ring With PPG Sensor, Up to Seven Days Battery Life Launched in Nine Size Options" ,  Samsung Galaxy Ring finally went official at the company's second Galaxy Unpacked of the year held in Paris. The ring was announced alongside the latest Galaxy Z foldable smartphones. The South Korean brand's first-ever smart ring comes loaded with various health tracking and sleep monitoring features and is available in three finishes with sizes up to 13. The Galaxy Ring has a lightweight design weighing from 2.3 grams to 3.0 grams with a water-resistant build. It is touted to deliver up to seven days of battery life on a single charge. It runs on the Samsung Health platform. Samsung Galaxy Ring price, availability Samsung Galaxy Ring is priced at $399 (roughly Rs. 34,000) and will be available for pre-order in select markets starting July 10 with general availability starting July 24. It is offered in Titanium Black, Titanium Silver, and Titanium Gold colours. Samsung Galaxy Ring specifications, features The Galaxy Ring comes in nine sizes with sizes ranging from five to 13. The wearable is offered with a sizing kit that helps you find the right fit from nine size options. It offers 8MB memory and is equipped with a PPG (Photoplethysmography) sensor that lets users detect the irregular rhythms of their heartbeats. It includes a temperature sensor and accelerometer to offer wearers insights into their well-being. It works with the Samsung Health app. Like Samsung's recent Galaxy devices, the Galaxy Ring also gets Galaxy AI touch. With Galaxy AI features like Energy Score and Wellness Tips, the Galaxy Ring generates a detailed health report with different metrics and gives recommendations to wearers. It features a sleep AI algorithm to deliver data about sleep patterns and build better habits. Along with Sleep Score and snoring analysis, the wearable provides sleep metrics such as movement during sleep, sleep latency, and heart and respiratory rate. With Cycle Tracking, the menstrual cycle can be tracked by skin temperature monitoring. Samsung's Galaxy Ring is touted to provide instant notifications about heart rates through Heart Rate Alert via the Samsung Health app. Auto Workout Detection and Inactive Alerts are the other health-focused features available on the device. In addition, the Ring can be used to take photos or dismiss alarms on paired Galaxy smartphones with few taps. Users can find the location of Galaxy Ring via Galaxy smartphone with Find My Ring on Samsung Find. The wearable is resistant to water and sweat with an IP68 rating and is certified for 10 ATM water resistance. It has a titanium grade 5 build and offers Bluetooth 5.4 connectivity. The Galaxy Ring can be paired with a Samsung Galaxy smartphone with Android 11.0 or above and a minimum of 1.5GB memory. Galaxy Ring's base variant in size 5 houses an 18mAh battery while the bigger 13 size has a 23.5mAh battery. The wearable is accompanied by a specially designed charging case with LED lighting to indicate charging status. The charging case packs a 361mAh battery and it is claimed to deliver up to seven days of battery life on a single charge. Additionally, 30 minutes of charging time are claimed to fill the battery from zero to 40 percent. The Galaxy ring measures 7.0x2.6mm. The size 5 option weighs 2.3 grams while the size 13 weighs 3.0 grams. The charging case measures 48.9x48.9x24.51 and weighs 61.3 grams.   




title = "Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch Ultra With 3nm Processor, Advanced Health Features Launched: Details" ,  Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 and the Galaxy Watch Ultra were unveiled at the Galaxy Unpacked event in Paris on Wednesday. The tech giant has introduced the first-ever Ultra model in the Galaxy Watch series, ditching the Classic variant from the previous year. While the base Galaxy Watch 7 will be available in 40mm and 44mm dials, the Watch Ultra will be available in a single 47mm dial. Both smartwatches will support LTE and Bluetooth 5.3 connectivity. The company said that the Ultra model is a performance-centric smartwatch suitable for extreme environments. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Watch Ultra Price, Availability The Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 price starts at $299 in the US. On the other hand, the Galaxy Watch Ultra will be available at the price of $649 in the US. The 40mm Galaxy Watch 7 will be available in Cream and Green colour options whereas the 44mm variant can be purchased in Green and Silver colourways. The Galaxy Watch Ultra, which is available in a single 47mm dial, will be available in Titanium Gray, Titanium Silver, and Titanium White colour options. In India, the 40mm Galaxy Watch 7 with Bluetooth is priced at Rs. 29,999, while the Bluetooth and LTE variant is priced at Rs. 33,999. The 44mm dial with just Bluetooth will be available at the price of Rs. 32,999, whereas the Bluetooth and LTE variant can be purchased for Rs. 36,999. Further, the Galaxy Watch Ultra will be available at the price of Rs. 59,999. Both models will be available to pre-order starting Wednesday, July 10, at 8pm IST, and will go on sale starting July 24. Samsung Unveils New BioActive Sensor With This Useful Health Feature Samsung has also provided pre-booking offers for both the models. Those pre-booking the Galaxy Watxh 7 will get multi-bank cashback worth Rs. 8,000 it an upgrade bonus worth the same. Consumers who pre-book the Galaxy Watch Ultra will get multi-bank cashback worth Rs. 10,000 or an upgrade bonus of the same value. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 Specifications and Features The Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 is available in two dial sizes. The 40mm dial comes with 40.4x40.4x9.7mm dimensions and weighs 28.8g. On the other hand, the 44m dial measures 44.4x44.4x9.7mm in dimensions and weighs 33.8g. While the smaller dial features a 1.3-inch (432x432 pixels) display, the larger dial gets a 1.5-inch (480x480 pixels) display. Both are Super AMOLED always-on displays. Samsung's base model smartwatch is equipped with a 3nm Exynos W1000 processor paired with 2GB of RAM and 32GB of inbuilt storage. This is the first time Samsung has used 3nm processors in the Galaxy Watch lineup. The devices run Google's Wear OS-based One UI 6 Watch. The 40mm variant is backed by a 300mAh battery whereas the 44mm variant gets a 425mAh battery. Both support WPC-based wireless fast charging. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Series Design Leaked via Unboxing Video The smartwatch comes with fitness trackers such as heart rate, oxygen, and sleep monitoring. The device also gets some new features such as Workout Routine which lets users combine different exercises and Race which lets them compare current and past performance in real-time, In addition, the Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 also incorporates an AI algorithm for sleep analysis. It offers Novo FDA-authorised Sleep Apnea tracking, real-time alerts for abnormally high or low heart rates, atrial fibrillation monitoring, and more. Samsung claims the smartwatch can also provide users with electrocardiogram (ECG) and blood pressure monitoring. Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra Specifications and Features The Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra is available in a single 47mm dial which measures 47.1x47.4x12.1mm in dimensions and weighs 60.5g. It comes with a Titanium-grade frame and features a 1.5-inch (480x480 pixels) Super AMOLED always-on display with a peak brightness of 3,000 nits. The model gets the same processor, storage, and operating system as the Watch 7. It also offers 10ATM water resistance. Amazon Prime Day: Galaxy M35, iQoo Z9 Lite and More New Phones to Launch It is backed by a 590mAh battery and supports WPC-based wireless fast charging. The company claims it has the longest battery life within the Galaxy Watch lineup, offering up to 100 hours in power-saving mode and up to 48 hours in exercise power-saving mode. Coming to health and fitness trackers, it offers all the features of the Galaxy Watch 7. In addition, the Galaxy Watch Ultra comes with a new multi-sports tile that enables users to track multi-course workouts. A functional threshold power (FTP) feature to measure maximum cycling power has also been added. Powered by AI, the device also shows personalised heart rate zones to help the user work at an optimal intensity. Further, the Galaxy Watch 7 Ultra features a Quick Button to instantly initiate and control workouts, an emergency siren, and a Night Mode. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Spotify for Podcasters App Introduces Comments Feature, Enabling Deeper Engagement With Listeners" ,  Spotify for Podcasters – the all-in-one podcasting platform – introduced a new ‘Comments' feature on Tuesday. This interactive feature is said to allow listeners to post comments on podcasts and receive replies from podcasters, enabling more engagement. Alongside Comments, the app has also been revamped and it now delivers real-time performance updates for podcasts alongside notifications when a particular podcast lands on a Spotify chart. This development comes a month after the music streaming platform raised prices for its subscription plans in the US for the second time in 12 months. Comments on Spotify for Podcasters In a blog post, Spotify detailed the new Comments feature along with the other additions coming to the Spotify for Podcasters app. This new feature is said to build upon the Q&A feature which the streaming service introduced in 2021. It aims to make engaging with listeners easier by giving them the ability to comment on podcasts. The podcaster can choose to reply to a comment, choose which ones appear during live episodes by approving them, or turn them off for specific episodes or the show in its entirety. According to Spotify, users will receive a notification whenever a podcaster likes and replies to their comments. Alternatively, the podcaster can also choose to delete comments and block the user. Instagram to Focus on Short-Form Content Over Long Videos In addition to Comments, the Spotify for Podcasters app has been revamped. It is now claimed to offer detailed analytics for shows, enabling the podcaster to track the performance of specific episodes. Furthermore, it is also said to introduce audience insights. Podcasters can now see places where their shows are performing, as per Spotify. Google Gemini May Soon Let You Play Songs from Spotify


YouTube Music Is Now Testing This AI-Powered Custom Radio Feature The Comments feature is now said to be available on the Spotify for Podcasters app. However, the arrival of the Comments feature spells bad news for Q&A as it is sunsetting the feature, but existing content can still be displayed on the episodes page. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Redmi Buds 5C with Hybrid ANC, 36-Hour Total Battery Life Launched in India: Specifications, Price" ,  Redmi Buds 5C were launched in India alongside the Redmi 13 5G on Tuesday. The true wireless stereo (TWS) earbuds join the company's latest lineup that also comprises of the Redmi Buds 5 launched in February this year. Redmi Buds 5C boast features such as Hybrid active noise cancellation (ANC), 36 hours of total battery life with fast charging capability, and support for multiple codecs. Redmi Buds 5C Price in India Redmi Buds 5C are priced in India at Rs. 1,999. The TWS earbuds are available in three colourways: Acoustic Black, Bass White, and Symphony Blue. According to the company, their sale begins on July 20 at 12pm IST and they can purchased from the brand website, Amazon, Flipkart, and Xiaomi retailers. Redmi Buds 5C Specifications Redmi Buds 5C come equipped with up to 40dB Hybrid ANC and support SBC and AAC codecs. They have a dedicated transparency mode which can be toggled via the companion Xiaomi Earbuds app. Using the same app, users can also customise controls. As per the company, the TWS earbuds feature 12.4mm dynamic Titanium drivers and support five sound profiles: Standard, Enhance Treble, Enhance Bass, Enhance Voice, and a custom mode. Google’s Upcoming Pixel Buds Pro 2 May Come in Four New Colourways The Redmi Buds 5C get IP54 rating for protection against dust and water ingress. In terms of connectivity, they supports Bluetooth 5.3 and Google's Fast Pair feature. Users can also enable the audio sharing feature on select Xiaomi and Redmi phones and connect two Redmi Buds 5C for shared music playback. Redmi 13 5G With 108-Megapixel Camera Launched in India at This Price The charging case of the TWS earbuds measures 57 x 55.95 x 26.85mm in dimension and weigh 38.5g. The company claims that the Redmi Buds 5C can last up to 7 hours on a single charge, with the case providing a total playback time of up to 36 hours (with ANC turned off). They also feature quick charge functionality, with 10 minutes of charge said to provide up to two hours of playtime. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Perplexity AI Rolling Out Its Pro Search Feature For Complex Queries to Android Devices" ,  Perplexity AI, the artificial intelligence (AI) search engine platform rolled out a new feature dubbed Pro Search last week. The feature is now making its way to the Android app and users can access it just by toggling the Pro button underneath the text field. According to the AI firm, the feature uses multi-step reasoning to find answers to complex queries that cannot be answered by finding information from websites. The feature is available to free users with some restrictions. Perplexity AI's Pro Search Rolling Out on Android While the company did not make any official announcement regarding the feature, it is now showing up on the Perplexity AI app for Android for several users. Gadgets 360 was able to access the feature, and it works similarly to the web client. Notably, Pro Search was first released on July 2.  Perplexity AI Pro Search on Android  To activate Pro Search, users can check underneath the text field where a new Pro toggle can be seen. Turning it on will activate the feature and users can continue to ask queries that would usually take several searches. When looking for the result, Perplexity will show the Pro Search icon and highlight the number of steps it took to get to the result. Underneath, users can also check all the sources used to create the answer. At the time of announcing the feature, the AI firm highlighted that Pro Search analyses search results and takes intelligent actions based on its findings to get to the final answer. This process also includes running follow-up searches that build on previous results. Alongside search queries, users can also ask the AI advanced math and programming-related questions. Essentially, the difference between a regular search and Pro Search on Perplexity is that the former will offer fast and accurate answers backed by sources whereas the latter delves into greater depth of the question and delivers comprehensive results. Oura Ring Will Now Offer Advice on Health and Lifestyle With This Feature


This New Gemini Extension Could Set Alarms and Timers on Your Phone


Odyssey Is Building a 'Hollywood-Grade' AI Model to Compete With Sora At present, the Pro Search feature is available to all users. However, free users will only be able to access it for the first five queries every four hours. To access unlimited pro searches, users will have to purchase the Perplexity Pro subscription which is priced at $20 (roughly Rs. 1,670) a month. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Arcade Adds Temple Run: Legends, Vampire Survivors+ and a Vision Pro Spatial Title in August" ,  Apple is adding three new games to its game subscription service, Apple Arcade, next month. The titles include Roguelike survival RPG Vampire Survivors+, level-based runner Temple Run: Legends and Apple Vision Pro spatial title Castle Crumble. Temple Run: Legends and Vampire Survivors+ will be added to the service August 1, while the Vision Pro title will arrive later on August 29, the iPhone maker announced Tuesday. Here's a look at all three games coming to Apple Arcade in August: Temple Run: Legends Temple Run: Legends, the first level-based runner in the popular Temple Run franchise, is launching exclusively on Apple Arcade. The game brings new gameplay modes and challenges on top of the classic infinite run mode. Players can run, swim and jump across 500 levels in the story mode. Temple Run: Legends also features diverse environments and an all-new cast of characters. Temple Run: Legends will feature over 500 levelsPhoto Credit: Apple Vampires Survivors+ Vampires Survivors, the hit Roguelike survival RPG from Poncle, was first released on Mac, Windows, Xbox consoles mobile platforms in 2022. The game is already available to play on iOS, but Apple Arcade is bringing the ad-free version of the game next month. Vampires Survivors is deceptively simple, both in its gameplay and pixel-style visuals, but its addictive loop of vanquishing creatures and demons as you try out different characters and weapons never gets old. The game also comes with a multiplayer mode where up to four players can play together on the same device by connecting their game controllers. Apple Arcade's April Lineup Includes Two Spatial Games for the Vision Pro  Vampire Survivors launched in 2022Photo Credit: Poncle Castle Crumble Apple is expanding its games library for its expensive mixed reality headset, the Apple Vision Pro. True to its name, Castle Crumble, a spatial title, will let players tear apart castles with gestures. With swipes and flicks of their fingers, players can indulge in physics-based destruction and solve puzzles. The game features diverse biomes, packed with enemy forts. Players can use gestures to target the weak points of castles and use the tools at their disposal to bring them down, right in their living room. Temple Run: Legends and Vampire Survivors+ will arrive on Apple Arcade on August 1, while Castle Crumble can be played on the Vision Pro starting August 29. All three games will be available to Apple Arcade subscribers at no additional cost. The Apple game subscription service, which now boasts of over 200 titles, costs Rs. 99 a month. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oura Ring Reportedly Gets an AI-Powered Oura Advisor Feature That Offers Personalised Insights" ,  Oura is reportedly introducing a new artificial intelligence (AI) feature for its smart rings that will allow users to get recommendations and insights from a chatbot about health and lifestyle. The feature, dubbed Oura Advisor, is said to suggest actions to improve users' chosen health metrics and habits. It is reportedly part of the Oura Labs programme and will only be available for iOS users who own the company's third-generation smart rings. Notably, the feature was launched just a day before Samsung's Galaxy Unpacked event where the tech giant is expected to launch its Galaxy Ring device. AI-Powered Oura Advisor Reportedly Launched According to a report by Android Authority, Oura Ring 3 users on iOS can now access the AI coach from Oura Labs. Oura Labs was launched by the company in April and requires users to register for the programme. Once the access is given, they can begin using this feature. Oura Advisor is reportedly an AI-powered health and lifestyle coach that users can hold conversations with. Users can ask the chatbot about how to improve sleep, nurture new habits, or build resilience, as per the publication. The feature is said to be entirely customisable where users can choose their focus areas. The feature can also remember past conversations to contextually recommend improvements or offer insights on queried metrics. The information is stored as “memory” and can be manually removed from the chatbot.  Oura AdvisorPhoto Credit: Android Authority  In a screenshot shared by the publication, the feature is shown to initiate conversations, which highlights it can also access data from users' daily activities and flag when it notices an abnormality. The user can then ask for recommendations to improve the metric, and the AI will offer suggestions. Oura CEO Tom Hale addressed the rising competition from devices such as Google's Fitbit and soon-to-be-launched Samsung's Galaxy Ring in an interview with CNET. Hale claimed that Oura Ring differentiates itself from the competitors because of the consistency of its data, the new memory feature, and the company's usage of multiple AI models. Noise Brings AI Wellness Coach and Other New Features to Luna Ring


Samsung Galaxy Ring May Cost as Much as Galaxy Watch 6 Classic in Europe


Samsung Galaxy Ring May Allow Users to Measure Temperature via Skin Later today, Samsung is expected to launch its smart ring. It will be interesting to see if the company announces any features that can take on Oura's AI coach. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 6 China Variant With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, 5,800mAh Battery Debuts: Price, Specifications" ,  Realme GT 6 was unveiled in China on Wednesday. The new GT series handset which was launched in India and select global markets last month, has now landed in the company's home country with slightly tweaked internals. The Chinese variant features a 6.78-inch AMOLED display and runs on the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset. It has a 50-megapixel Sony IMX890 camera unit and a 5,800mAh battery with 120W fast charging support. The Indian variant has the Snapdragon 8s Gen SoC under the hood and packs a 5,500mAh battery. Realme GT 6 price Price of Realme GT 6 starts at CNY 2,799 (roughly Rs. 32,000 ) for the base model with 12GB RAM + 256GB storage. The 16GB RAM + 256GB storage is priced at CNY 3,099 (roughly Rs. 35,000), whereas the 16GB + 512GB and 16GB + 1TB variants are priced at CNY 3,399 (roughly Rs. 39,000) and CNY 3,899 (roughly Rs. 44,000), respectively. It is available in Dark Side of the Moon, Light Year White, and Storm Purple (translated from Chinese) shades. Realme GT 6 specifications The dual SIM (Nano) Realme GT 6 China variant runs on Android 14-based Realme UI 5 and features a 6.78-inch full-HD+ (1,264x2,780 pixels) 8T LTPO AMOLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate and 360Hz touch sampling rate. The display is claimed to deliver up to 6,000 nits brightness. It is powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC paired with 16GB LPDDR5X RAM and 1TB of UFS 4.0 storage. The Indian variant runs on the 4nm Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, coupled with up to 512GB of storage. Realme GT 6 Review For optics, the Realme GT 6 has a triple rear camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel Sony IMX890 sensor with OIS support. The Indian version boasts a Sony LYT-808 sensor. The camera setup also includes an 8-megapixel Sony IMX355 ultra wide-angle camera. For selfies and video chats, there is a 16-megapixel front camera. This marks a downgrade from the 32-megapixel selfie shooter on the Indian variant. Connectivity options on the Realme GT 6 include Bluetooth 5.4, GLONASS, Galileo, QZSS, GPS, NavIC, NFC and Wi-Fi 6. It comes with OReality audio with Hi-Res certification. Realme Pad 3 Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website; Launch Appears Imminent The Realme GT 6 houses a 5,800mAh battery with support for 120W charging support. For comparison, the phone launched in India and global markets with a 5,500mAh battery. The handset measures 162x76x8.43mm and weighs 206 grams.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iPhone 16 Series Could Arrive With Changes to Face ID Design: Report" ,  iPhone 16 series — Apple's purported smartphones that are expected to succeed its iPhone 15 lineup — is expected to be launched in the coming weeks. These handsets could arrive with a notable change to the company's Face ID biometric authentication mechanism, according to a report. Previous reports had suggested that Apple's upcoming iPhone 16 Pro models would arrive with support for new Face ID sensors located under the display, but these upgrades were later said to arrive by 2025. iPhone 16 Face ID design changes A DigiTimes report (via MacRumors) states that Apple is expected to "overhaul" its Face ID biometric authentication system on the iPhone 16 that uses facial recognition to unlock the smartphone and secures sensitive applications and payment-related functions. The publication cites an earlier report by The Telegraph that states the company's decision to drop British supplier Coherent has resulted in the supplier considering the sale of its manufacturing facility in the UK. The report does not specify what design changes will make their way to the Face ID system on the purported iPhone 16 series. Previous leaks indicated that the iPhone 16 Pro models would be equipped with support for upgraded sensors located under the display, that could potentially allow the iPhone to offer a full-screen experience, minus the Dynamic Island introduced with the iPhone 14 Pro. iPhone 16 Pro Will Reportedly Get the Periscope Lens From Pro Max Model However, these claims were countered by Display Supply Chain Consultants (DSCC) CEO and Co-Founder, Ross Young, who has previously stated that these upgrades to Apple's Face ID system were unlikely to be introduced until 2025, which is when the iPhone 17 series is expected to be launched by the company. iOS 18 Will Introduce These Two Improvements to the Built-In Weather App


iOS 18 Will Introduce These Two Improvements to the Built-In Weather App


iPhone 16 Lineup Again Tipped to Run on This A-series Chips According to previous reports, the iPhone 17 series of smartphones will arrive next year with a notable upgrade to the front-facing camera. The Cupertino company will reportedly equip its 2025 iPhone models with a 24-megapixel selfie camera, which will offer images with a higher resolution than the current generation models that feature a 12-megapixel camera. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Instagram Will Prioritise Short-Form Content Over Long Videos to Help Users Explore Their Interests, Says Adam Mosseri" ,  Instagram – Meta Platforms' photo and video-sharing social media app – will focus on short-form content rather than long videos, according to Adam Mosseri, head of the company. It is part of the company's “core identity” of connecting people with friends, while also helping them explore their interests. Although long-form videos can still be uploaded on the platform, Mosseri said that its focus remains on prioritising short videos. Short-form Content on Instagram Responding to a user's question about whether Instagram would be doing long-form videos, Mosseri posted a short video clip on the platform saying “no”, followed by an explanation behind this strategy by the company. View this post on Instagram           A post shared by Adam Mosseri (@mosseri) As per Mosseri, Instagram does two jobs: helping users connect with their friends, and enabling them to explore their interests, and these objectives are “symbiotic”. Citing several examples, the platform head revealed that when a user comes across a short video, such as Instagram Reels, that interests them, they often share it with their friends who have similar interests. This connects them with others while also continuing to keep an eye on the content shared by others. However, when it comes to long-form videos, the relationship becomes less symbiotic. “If you watch a 10- or 20-minute video, you see less content from friends, you interact with your friends less, and you're actually less likely to send that content or that video to a friend”, Mosseri said. Thus, Instagram won't be focusing on the long-form video business due to it “undermining” its core identity, as per Mosseri. Meta to Display This Message Following Backlash Over 'Made With AI' Label


Meta Incorrectly Labels KKR’s IPL Winning Photo as ‘Made by AI’


WhatsApp Begins Rolling Out This Feature to Keep New Group Members Safe Notably, Instagram previously had a standalone long-form video dubbed IGTV which launched in 2018. It allowed users to upload up to an hour-long videos on the platform – something which wasn't possible on Instagram at the time. However, it was discontinued in 2022 due to the company shifting its focus towards supporting Instagram Reels. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Lava Blaze X 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC, 5,000mAh Battery Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Lava Blaze X 5G was launched in India on Wednesday as the latest 5G smartphone from domestic smartphone brand Lava. The new handset is equipped with a 120Hz curved AMOLED display and is powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset. It was earlier rumoured to come with a MediaTek Dimensity 7050 SoC. The Lava Blaze X 5G sports a dual rear camera unit headlined by a 64-megapixel main sensor. It houses a 5,000mAh battery with 33W fast charging support. Lava Blaze X 5G price in India The price of Lava Blaze X 5G in India has been set at Rs. 14,999 for the 4GB RAM + 128GB storage model. The 6GB and 8GB variants with 128GB storage are priced at Rs. 15,999 and Rs. 16,999, respectively. It is available in Starlight Purple and Titanium Grey colour options and will go on sale through the Lava e-store and Amazon starting July 20. As an introductory offer, Lava is offering a Rs. 1,000 discount on all variants. Lava Yuva 5G With Unisoc T750 5G SoC Debuts in India Lava Blaze X 5G specifications The dual SIM (nano) supported smartphone runs on Android 14 and sports a 6.67-inch full-HD+ (1,080 x 2,400 pixels) curved AMOLED display with 120Hz refresh rate, 394ppi pixel density, and 800nits peak brightness. It is armed with a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset paired with up to 8GB LPDDR4X RAM and 128GB of UFS 2.2 onboard storage. A virtual RAM feature is available on the phone that uses onboard storage to add up to 16GB additional RAM. Lava Blaze X 5G carries a dual rear camera unit including a 64-megapixel Sony primary sensor and a 2-megapixel secondary camera. For selfies and video chats, it has a 16-megapixel front camera with front flash. Connectivity options on the Lava Blaze X 5G include Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, GPS, OTG, 5G, and a USB Type-C port. It comes with an IP52-rating with sensors including an accelerometer, ambient light, gyroscope, magnetometer and proximity. The phone has an in-display fingerprint scanner for biometric authentication. Amazon Prime Day: Galaxy M35, iQoo Z9 Lite and More New Phones to Launch The Lava Blaze X 5G is backed by a 5,000mAh Li-Polymer battery that offers 33W wired fast charging support. 




title = "JioTag Air Bluetooth Tracker With Support for Apple’s Find My Feature Debuts in India: Specifications, Price" ,  JioTag Air was launched in India as the successor to JioTag – Reliance Jio's Bluetooth-enabled tracker, on Tuesday. One of the key new features of the device is its compatibility with Apple's Find My network Feature which enables iPhone users to locate lost or stolen items such as keys, luggage, wallets, and even pets – items that are prone to get misplaced. It becomes the latest product launched by the company, following the debut of the JioFinance app last month. JioTag Air Price in India JioTag Air is available for purchase in India at an introductory price of Rs. 1,499 via JioMart, Reliance Digital, and Amazon India. The device comes in three colour options: blue, grey, and red. Buyers can also avail cashback while making the transaction via CredUPI, Paytm, and select credit cards. JioTag Air Specifications JioTag Air supports two tracking apps. On Android, it can be used with the JioThings app, whereas Apple users can use it in tandem with the Find My network app on devices such as the iPhone, iPad and Mac – a feature which its predecessor wasn't equipped with. Alternatively, the JioThings app can be used on Apple's platforms too via the App Store. However, only one app can be used at a time with the JioTag Air. Amazon Launches Alexa-Powered Echo Spot With a New Display Design It is compatible with iPhone models running iOS 14 or later, and Android smartphones on Android 9 and later firmware. The tracker is equipped with Bluetooth 5.3 and comes with an in-built speaker that can play sounds in the 90-120 dB range. In terms of dimensions, it measures 38x38x7mm and weighs 10g. Apple May Bring Out a Touchscreen HomePod with AI Features


Moto Tag Bluetooth Tracker With Find My Device Network Support Launched The Bluetooth tracker also gets support for Apple's Lost Mode that allows the user to automatically receive notifications on a paired Apple device when a lost device is located within the network. It comes with a 12-month battery, with an extra battery and a lanyard also bundled with the JioTag Air in the retail box. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Raises Xbox Box Game Pass Prices, Introduces New 'Standard' Tier" ,  Weeks after confirming that the next Call of Duty title will be on Xbox Game Pass at launch, Microsoft announced a hike in prices of its game subscription service across territories and tiers on Monday. The Xbox parent also introduced a new Game Pass tier, called Xbox Game Pass Standard, that will not grant access to first-party titles on the day of launch. The updated prices will go into effect for new Xbox Game Pass Ultimate, Xbox Game Pass Core and PC Game Pass subscribers from July 10. Xbox Game Pass new pricing In India, monthly subscription charges for Game Pass Ultimate, which allows players access to its library of games, day-one releases and other benefits on both Xbox consoles and PC, is going up from Rs. 549 to Rs. 829. A yearly subscription to Game Pass Core, on the other hand, will cost players Rs. 3,349, up from Rs. 1,999. The low-cost tier offers a library of select games, in addition to access to online multiplayer on Xbox consoles. Meanwhile, monthly PC Game Pass subscription sees a hike from Rs. 249 to Rs. 449. You can see the full list of price changes for different countries here. While these new prices are now live for new Game Pass members, existing subscribers will see the hiked rates reflected in their recurring subscription charges starting September 12. Xbox Game Pass and Series X Consoles Are Getting a Price Hike: Report Game Pass Standard Microsoft also introduced Game Pass Standard, a new subscription tier for Xbox consoles that will offer players a library of hundreds of titles and all benefits of Game Pass Core, including online console multiplayer and discounts. This new tier, however, will not include new first-party titles on the day of release. Game Pass Standard will be available for $14.99 (roughly Rs. 1,251) in the coming months. Additionally, the company announced that it was discontinuing Game Pass for Console for new subscribers. Players already subscribed to the console-specific tier and with automatic renewal option enabled will continue to access benefits of their membership. Microsoft said the new Game Pass changes would enable it to add to “more value and more great games to Game Pass.” The price hike arrived after Microsoft confirmed in May that Call of Duty: Black Ops 6, the next installment in Activision's first-person shooter franchise, would be available on Game Pass day one when it launches October 25. Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 Confirmed to Launch Day One on Xbox Game Pass This is also the second price hike to hit Xbox Game Pass after Microsoft raised the subscription prices last year in July, when Game Pass Ultimate pricing in India went up from Rs. 499 to Rs. 549. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Ultra Model Launch Reportedly Delayed Despite Increasing Competition" ,  Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Ultra is not expected to debut at the company's Galaxy Unpacked event later today, and the purported foldable phone might be delayed indefinitely, according to a report. The South Korean smartphone maker was previously said to be working on a thinner version of the upcoming Galaxy Z 6 Fold handset that would arrive as an 'Ultra' or 'Slim' model with a slightly larger screen. However, the foldable phone could reportedly be revived by the company to compete with more advanced models from its Chinese rivals. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Ultra Might Be Indefinitely Delayed A WinFuture report (in German) states that Samsung has put the rumoured Galaxy Z Fold 6 foldable phone "on hold". It was previously expected to debut with the model number SM-F958 as a top-of-the-line foldable phone, alongside the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 and Galaxy Z Fold 6. Samsung is set to face even more competition in the foldable market, as Motorola recently launched the Razr 50 Ultra which will compete with the upcoming Galaxy Z Flip 6. Meanwhile, the South Korean smartphone maker's Galaxy Z Fold 6 will have to contend with the Honor Magic V3, which is set to be unveiled in China. Samsung Galaxy Unpacked Event 2024: How to Watch and What to Expect Both the Motorola Razr 50 Ultra and the Honor Magic V3 are expected to feature a more modern design compared with the rumoured Galaxy Z Flip 6 and Galaxy Z Fold 6, respectively. Motorola's handset features a large cover screen, while the Magic V3 from Honor is expected to be one of the slimmest foldable phones available in 2024. In May, Counterpoint's Foldable Smartphone Shipment Tracker revealed that Huawei had captured to the top spot in global foldable smartphone shipments in Q1 2024, overtaking market leader Samsung for the first time. Shipments from Huawei and Honor rose by a whopping 460 percent and 257 percent, respectively. Meanwhile, Samsung's shipments saw a 42 percent drop in Q1 2024. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Series Design Leaked via Unboxing Video


Samsung Unveils New BioActive Sensor With This Useful Health Feature


Samsung Galaxy Ring May Cost as Much as Galaxy Watch 6 Classic in Europe According to the report, Samsung is expected to deliver incremental upgrades over its Galaxy Z Flip 5 and Galaxy Z Fold 5 models, while internal discussions on whether to revive the Galaxy Z Fold 6 Ultra model are underway. As a result, we can expect to see the company launch only two foldable models at its Galaxy Unpacked event that will take place later today. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Moto G85 5G With Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC, 5,000mAh Battery Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Moto G85 5G was launched in India on Wednesday as the latest 5G offering from the Lenovo-owned brand. The new Moto G-series phone runs on the Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 chipset with up to 12GB RAM. It features a 6.67-inch pOLED display with 120Hz refresh rate and sports a dual rear camera unit headlined by a 50-megapixel main sensor. The Moto G85 5G is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 33W fast charging support. The new phone seems to be a rebrand of the Moto S50 Neo, which was unveiled in China last month. Moto G85 5G price in India The price for the Moto G85 5G in India has been set at Rs. 17,999 for the base 8GB RAM + 128GB storage variant. The top-end model with 12GB RAM + 256GB storage is priced at Rs. 19,999. It comes in Olive Green, Cobalt Blue, and Urban Gray colourways. The phone will go on sale through Flipkart, and Motorola.in as well as select retail stores in the country starting July 16 at 12pm IST. Buyers can avail of either an instant bank discount of Rs. 1,000 or an exchange bonus of Rs. 1,000 on the value of the old phone while purchasing the Moto G85 5G. This will bring down the effective starting price to Rs. 16,999. Further, consumers can also avail of up to nine month no-cost EMI offers. Motorola Edge 50 Pro Is Now Available in This Colour Option in India Moto G85 5G specifications The dual SIM (nano) Moto G85 5G runs on Android 14-based Hello UI and features a 6.67-inch full-HD+ (1,080 x 2,400 pixels) 3D curved pOLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate, a 240Hz touch sampling rate, 1,600nits of peak local brightness, and a 20:9 aspect ratio. The screen has Corning Gorilla Glass 5 protection. It runs Qualcomm's Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 chipset along with Adreno 619 GPU, 12GB of RAM and 256GB of UFS 2.2 onboard storage. The RAM can be virtually expanded up to 24GB with unused storage. For optics, Moto G85 5G has a dual rear camera unit with a 50-megapixel Sony Lytia 600 primary sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support and an 8-megapixel ultra-wide angle camera along with single LED flash. It comes with a 32-megapixel front camera for selfies and video chats. Connectivity options on the Moto G85 5G include Bluetooth, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS, Galileo, LTEPP, and a USB Type-C port. It comes in an IP52-rated water-repellent build. Sensors onboard include accelerometer, ambient light, e-compass, gyroscope, proximity, sensor hub, and SAR sensor. The phone has an in-display fingerprint sensor for biometric authentication. It supports face unlock feature and boasts stereo speakers supported by Dolby Atmos technology. Motorola Edge 50 Spotted on BIS Website, May Debut in India Soon The Moto G85 5G is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 33W wired fast charging support. The battery is said to deliver up to 34 hours of playtime on a single charge. It is confirmed to get two years of OS upgrades and four years of security updates. The phone measures 161.91x73.06x7.59 mm and weighs around 172 grams.    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Gives Up Observer Seat on OpenAI Board Amid Regulatory Scrutiny: Report" ,  Microsoft has ditched the board observer seat at OpenAI that has drawn regulatory scrutiny on both sides of the Atlantic, saying it was not necessary after the AI start-up's governance had improved significantly in the past eight months. iPhone maker Apple had also been expected to take an observer role on OpenAI's board but would not do so, the Financial Times reported, citing a person with direct knowledge of the matter. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. Microsoft took a non-voting, observer position on OpenAI's board in November last year after OpenAI CEO Sam Altman took back the reins of the company which operates the generative AI chatbot ChatGPT. AI Deals Between Microsoft and OpenAI, Google and Samsung, Under EU Scanner The seat meant it could attend OpenAI's board meetings and access confidential information but had no voting rights on matters including electing or choosing directors. The observer seat and Microsoft's more than $10 billion investment in OpenAI have triggered unease among antitrust watchdogs in Europe, Britain and the US over how much control it exerts over OpenAI. Microsoft cited OpenAI's new partnerships, innovation and growing customer base since Altman's return to the startup for giving up its observer seat. Microsoft Will Not Ship AI-Powered Recall With Copilot+ PCs Next Week "Over the past eight months we have witnessed significant progress by the newly formed board and are confident in the company's direction. Given all of this we no longer believe our limited role as an observer is necessary," it said in a letter to OpenAI dated July 9. EU antitrust regulators last month said the partnership would not be subjected to the bloc's merger rules because Microsoft does not control OpenAI, but they would instead seek third-party views on the exclusivity clauses in the agreement. In contrast, the British and U.S. antitrust watchdogs continue to have concerns as well as questions about Microsoft's influence over OpenAI and the latter's independence. Microsoft Will Remove This Feature for Copilot Pro Subscribers by July 14 Microsoft and OpenAI are increasingly competing to sell AI technology to enterprise customers, aiming to generate revenue and demonstrate their independence to regulators to address antitrust concerns. Additionally, Microsoft is expanding its AI offerings on the Azure platform and has hired Inflection's CEO to head its consumer AI division, a move widely interpreted as an effort to diversify beyond OpenAI. © Thomson Reuters 2024  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Gemini Clock Tool Extension on Android Will Reportedly Let the AI Chatbot Set Alarms and Timers" ,  Gemini on Android might soon be able to perform more tasks, as per a report. The artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot that was added to Android smartphones can perform several tasks such as answering queries, looking up queries on the internet, and writing essays and messages. However, the chatbot switches the functionality to Google Assistant when it comes to device-integrated tasks such as checking reminders, setting up an alarm, or sending a message. That might not be the case for long, as a report claims Gemini will soon be able to set alarms and timers independently. Gemini to Reportedly Get a Clock Tool Extension According to a report by Android Authority, Gemini on Android might get a new Clock Tool extension that will allow it to set alarms and timers when prompted by the user. The publication spotted the new feature during an app teardown process. The feature was seen in the latest beta of the Google app (version 15.27.33).  Gemini Clock Tool extensionPhoto Credit: Android Authority  In a screenshot shared by the publication, a Clock Tool extension could be seen in the list of Gemini extensions. It can be summoned either by verbally naming it or by typing ‘@Clock Tool, followed by the request. In the screenshot, this action prompts the AI chatbot to display a message that says, “Gemini is taking over from Google Assistant to handle some actions through Extensions.” The Clock Tool then performs the task. Gemini App Might Let You Talk to AI in Two Separate Windows Simultaneously The new extension will join the existing Gemini extensions on Android such as Google Flights, Google Hotels, Google Maps, Workspace, YouTube, and YouTube Music. Additionally, the report also found a new setting that will allow users to access the AI chatbot while the device is locked. This feature was earlier reported, but now a screenshot of the setting has also appeared.  Gemini AI lock screen settingPhoto Credit: Android Authority  Apple Will Reportedly Offer Gemini AI Alongside ChatGPT on iOS 18


Apple Will Reportedly Offer Gemini AI Alongside ChatGPT on iOS 18 With the lock screen capability, users will be able to use Gemini on the go and either have a conversation or ask it a quick question. All the extension features can also be accessed on the lock screen. The report claims that Gemini might not be able to perform tasks that require adding credentials or accessing private data. There is no word on when the feature might be available to the public. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 Tipped to Come in Raspberry and 3 Other New Colourways" ,  Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 are expected to make their global debut soon, succeeding the Pixel Buds Pro that were launched at the Google I/O event in May 2022. According to claims by a tipster on social media, Google's upcoming true wireless stereo (TWS) earbuds may come in four new colourways, with Raspberry being one of the potential options. This development comes just days after the specifications of another Google product – the Pixel Watch 3 – surfaced online. Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 Colourways (Expected) According to a post on X (formerly Twitter) by tipster Dylan Roussel, Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 could come in as many as four colourways, matching the number of colour options introduced with their predecessor – the Pixel Buds Pro – at launch. The potential options are said to include Haze, Mojito, Porcelain, and Raspberry. The Pixel Buds Pro 2 will come in 4 fun colors: Raspberry, Mojito, Porcelain and Haze. 👀I cannot wait to get my hands on some mojito Pixel Buds Pro 2! 🍸 pic.twitter.com/oF1xYbqaap— Dylan Roussel (@evowizz) July 9, 2024 Google Pixel Buds Pro were also launched in four colourways but none of them are tipped to be carried over to its successor. They were initially available in Charcoal, Coral, Fog, and Lemongrass options, with Bay and Porcelain colourways being introduced during the Made by Google event last year. As per the shades shared by the tipster, the Raspberry colour option appears to match the pink colour that the Google Pixel 9 recently surfaced in. However, it is unknown if these colour names have been finalised by the tech giant. Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 Specifications (Expected) Google's upcoming flagship TWS earbuds reportedly surfaced on the UL Demko certification website, hinting at some charging case specifications. Google Pixel Buds Pro 2's charging case is tipped to feature model number GH8TQ. It may come with a 650mAh Lithium-ion battery. If true, it would bring a slight battery upgrade over the current generation TWS earbuds, whose charging case is equipped with a 620mAh battery. Google Is Bringing Dark Web Data Monitoring to All Accounts This Month


Google Pixel Watch 3 Spotted on FCC Ahead of Anticipated Debut


Google Pixel 9 Series Tipped to Get Ultrasonic In-Display Fingerprint Sensor Google Pixel Buds Pro 2 are expected to launch at the Made by Google event that is scheduled for August 13. Alongside the flagship TWS earbuds, the Mountain View-based company is also tipped to launch the Google Pixel 9 series and the Pixel Watch 3. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google's Pixel Watch 3 Tipped to Get UWB Support, Brighter Display, Up to 420mAh Battery, More" ,  Google is holding a global launch event on August 13 where we expect the search giant to unveil the Pixel Watch 3 alongside the Pixel 9 series. As we near the launch date, new details about Google's upcoming wearable have appeared online. While some specifications are said to be unchanged from the Pixel Watch 2, there will be significant upgrades as per leaks. The Pixel Watch 3 is said to be available in 41mm and 45mm sizes and could run on the Snapdragon W5 platform paired with a custom co-processor. It is expected to feature a 2,000nit display. Pixel Watch 3 specifications (leaked) An Android Authority report, citing a source inside Google, has leaked the specifications of the Pixel Watch 3. The upcoming wearable could come in 41mm and 45mm sizes, with cellular and Wi-Fi variants available. The larger model might be known as the Pixel Watch 3 XL. Like last year's Pixel Watch 2, the new model could also run on the Qualcomm Snapdragon W5 SoC with a custom co-processor. The Pixel Watch 3 is said to come equipped with an ultra-wideband (UWB) chip. This would support navigation and enable accurate location sensing with Google's Find My Device system. The Pixel Watch 2 previously missed out on this feature. Google Pixel Watch 3 Spotted on FCC Ahead of Anticipated Debut Google's Pixel Watch 3 will reportedly boast a brighter 2,000nit display with smaller bezels. This would be a significant upgrade over 1,000nits of the Pixel Watch 2. Both variants are said to feature 4.5mm bezels, compared to 5.5mm on its predecessor. The smaller variant could offer a 408x408 pixel resolution, while the 45mm model's display could have a 456x456 pixel resolution. The purported 45mm Pixel Watch 3 will reportedly have a 420mAh battery, up from 306mAh in last year's model. The 41mm model is said to get a 310mAh battery. Google Pixel 9 Series Set to Launch in India on This Date Finally, the 41mm model of Pixel Watch 3 is said to come in black, gold, and silver colour options with rose quartz, obsidian, hazel and porcelain band options. The 45mm variant could be available in black, hazel and silver case colours with hazel, obsidian, and porcelain-coloured bands. 




title = "WhatsApp Rolls Out Context Card for New Group Members to Improve Safety" ,  WhatsApp on Tuesday began rolling out a new feature that is designed to improve the safety of its group messaging features. The Meta-owned messaging platform will now display contextual information to users when they are added to a group by an unknown user. The feature is designed to provide WhatsApp users with relevant information about the group that they've been added to, along with a shortcut to exit the group. The service already offers a setting that allows users to prevent strangers from adding them to groups. WhatsApp Group Safety Context Cards According to details shared on Tuesday, WhatsApp is rolling out a new card for group chats that will be displayed after a user is added to a group by a user that isn't in their contacts. This card is show in the chat window and contains information about the group that will provide users with context about the group. The new context cards for group chats will prominently feature the name of the WhatsApp user who added them to the group. A sample screenshot showing the feature in action reveals that the card displays the name set by the user — the one that's shown with the tilde symbol (~) when an unknown user sends a message in a group chat.  WhatsApp's new group context cards are now rolling out to users globallyPhoto Credit: Meta  Users will also be informed that they were "added by a non-contact" to a group. The context card will also show the new member the name of the user who created the group. The name, of course, will depend on what the group's creator has added to their WhatsApp settings. If a user has been added to a group that they do not want to be a part of, the context card includes a Safety tools option to report problematic content. Users will also see an Exit group button to leave i they do not wish to be part of the conversation. WhatsApp's Existing Group Safety Measures Back in 2019, WhatsApp introduced a handy option under Settings > Account > Privacy > Groups that allowed users to prevent strangers from adding them to a group, via the app's privacy settings. When enabled, users will receive an invite to join groups, when a person outside their contact list tries to add them to a group. WhatsApp's New Feature Reportedly Allows Meta AI to Edit and Reply to Images


WhatsApp May Soon Let You Generate Images of Yourself Using Meta AI


WhatsApp Now Lets You Create Events in Group Chats on iPhone


WhatsApp for Android May Get a New In-App Dialler in the Calls Tab


WhatsApp Now Let's Users Make HD the Default Option When Sending Media After a user is invited to a group, they have three days to accept it before it expires. The invite shows up as a direct message, and users aren't added to the group until they tap the Join Group button on the invite. This might be the best option for users who want to avoid being automatically added to groups by unknown users, while still being offered an option to join after seeing details of the group and some of its members. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Dubai Customs Launches Blockchain Platform for Reduced Paperwork, Tamper-Proof Data Sharing" ,  Dubai Customs has launched a new blockchain platform to optimise commercial operations within the region, which is increasingly being seen as a pro-technology market. In an attempt to deal with some of the roadblocks that hinder the entrepreneurial sector in Dubai, the customs department is exploring the use of blockchain technology to increase transparency and ease the process of sharing data in a tamper-proof manner. The blockchain platform was unveiled on Monday, and is touted to offer secure, efficient, economic plans, as well as tech-driven logistics initiatives. Sultan Ahmed bin Sulayem, Chairman of Dubai's Ports, Customs, and Free Zone Corporation, has called the upcoming blockchain platform a 'quantum leap' in improving Dubai's business and commercial operations. "We believe that adopting modern technologies like blockchain will significantly contribute to improving the business environment and enhancing Dubai's position as a major centre for global trade," Sulayem said in a prepared statement. How Indian Fintech Firms Reacted to Basel Committee's Crypto Rules Blockchain technology, also referred to as distributed ledger technology, stores data on multiple nodes -- which prevents the concentration of data on one server like traditional servers. This makes it more difficult for malicious hackers to breach networks. In addition, any data that is stored on blockchain networks leaves a permanent track, which brings transparency into businesses. جمارك #دبي تعلن إطلاق منصتها المبتكرة في مجال البلوك تشين وذلك في خطوة رائدة تهدف إلى تعزيز كفاءة وشفافية العمليات التجارية داخل دبي وعبر الحدود، حيث تُعد هذه الشبكة الرقمية الآمنة والفعّالة إنجازًا هامًا في مسيرة التحوّل الرقمي.https://t.co/fSThXtvpcS@DubaiCustoms pic.twitter.com/DBUN3J7IpO— Dubai Media Office (@DXBMediaOffice) July 8, 2024 Dubai's authorities are also looking to leverage other blockchain capabilities like real-time goods tracking and curbing instances of frauds and counterfeiting. This however, is not the first time, that Dubai has explored the use of blockchain technology. In May, it unveiled a strategy aimed at making the region one of the top ten economies well versed with metaverse technology. BTC Logs Drastic Drop to $54,300, Most Altcoins See Dips Dubai previously tapped the Solana Foundation in to provide the blockchain infrastructure for its free economic zone in October 2023, called the Dubai Multi Commodities Centre (DMCC) to help businesses operating from there to get to scale their businesses.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Unveils Updated BioActive Sensor With 'AGEs Index' Health Indicator; Expected to Debut on Galaxy Watch 7 Series" ,  Samsung Galaxy Unpacked is set to take place on Wednesday, and the next generation of the company's Galaxy Watch series is expected to be unveiled during the event. With less than a day to go before Samsung launches new wearable products, it has offered users a sneak peek at its next-generation BioActive sensor that is expected to be available on the Galaxy Watch 7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra. The updated sensor is claimed to enable advanced predictive and preventative wellness features and provide accurate health measurements. Samsung also says that it has added more LEDs and photodiodes to the sensor. In a blog post, Samsung has shared details of the next-generation BioActive sensor that will come in the next Galaxy Watch series. The new sensor has a fresh design and Samsung says that it has optimised sensor placements to provide accurate readings. It is equipped with blue, yellow, violet and ultraviolet LEDs alongside the standard green and red LEDs. Samsung states that the new LEDs improve the accuracy of the updated BioActive sensor while measuring health metrics such as heart rate, sleep quality, blood pressure, blood oxygen levels, and stress levels. The company claims that the measurement of heart rate during intensive workouts is 30 percent more accurate than the sensor on its current smartwatches. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Series Design Leaked via Unboxing Video One of the new functions that the BioActive sensor will enable will be the “advanced glycation end products (AGEs) index.” Samsung describes AGEs index as an indicator of metabolic health and biological aging strongly influenced by overall lifestyle and dietary habits. This index provides a look at the biological age of the wearer to help them make decisions about their wellness journey and work towards a healthier future. Samsung's post indicates that the AGEs Index could be rolled out after the launch of new wearables at the Galaxy Unpacked event that will take place on July 10.  Samsung Galaxy Unpacked Event 2024: How to Watch and What to Expect  




title = "Google One Dark Web Report Feature to Be Discontinued, Similar Feature Coming to All Users This Month" ,  Google has announced that it is bringing dark web reports to all account users starting in late July. The service enables the user to keep a check on the emergence of their data on the dark web which could prove to be potentially harmful. Previously limited to users with the Google One subscription, it will now be accessible to all users. This development comes weeks after the tech giant discontinued the VPN by Google One service. Dark Web Reports on Google Dark web reports from Google inform users when their personal information has been found in a data breach. It when data breach information is made accessible to Google, the company checks for data associated with the user's email address or other information, including their name, phone number, address, username, password or social security number. Users can then make informed decisions about how to best protect their data. Although the dark web reports service was previously bundled with the Google One subscription, it will be made available to all Google account holders soon. However, the service is not available to users with Google Workspace or supervised accounts. Google's Gemini Chatbot Could Soon Work Even When Your Phone Is Locked The Google One app now includes a message that tells users that the dark web report feature will no longer be a part of a Google One subscription starting in late July. It also includes a link to a support document that states "dark web report will become available to all users with a consumer Google Account." With this change, users do not need to download the app or log in to access the reports. According to Google, dark web reports will be merged with the Results about you page – another service by the company that enables the user to check if their personal information appears in search results. They can also request the removal of their data from the web. Dark web reports are available in 46 countries including India, Japan, the UK, and the US. YouTube Music Is Now Testing This AI-Powered Custom Radio Feature The expansion of dark web data monitoring to all users comes weeks after Google discontinued another feature – continuous scroll search on mobile and desktop platforms. In its place, the tech giant has opted for a search-by-page-number format. Google Photos Just Crossed This Major Download Milestone on the Play Store Meanwhile, the dark web monitoring feature will become a part of the appropriately-named Google graveyard – a place where all the discarded Google services ultimately go, including Google Stadia, Pixel Pass, YouTube Stories, and the most recent addition, VPN by Google One. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Amazon Echo Spot 2024 With Alexa Integration, Semi-Circular Display Launched" ,  Amazon Echo Spot 2024 was launched on Monday, ahead of the company's annual Prime Day sale in the US that begins on July 16. The new bedside smart-speaker arrives seven years after its predecessor and marks several design and feature upgrades. The tech giant has ditched the camera, which was present on the 2017 model, and now the Alexa-enabled device just features a touchscreen display and speakers. The new Echo Spot also features a semi-circular display, unlike the circular display on the older generation device. Amazon Echo Spot 2024 Launched The Amazon Echo Spot 2024 price has been set at $79.99 (roughly Rs. 6,680). Comparatively, the 2017 device was priced at $149.99 (roughly Rs. 12,500). The company further said that during the US Prime Day sale, Amazon Prime members will be able to purchase it for $44.99 (roughly Rs. 3,750). The device is available in Black, Glacier White, and Ocean Blue colour options. The device is available in select markets. Currently, the company has not shared any plans to introduce it to India. As per the company, the new Echo Spot has received hardware upgrade all across the device. The company also claimed that it comes with better display and audio quality. Unlike its predecessor's circular display, the new device's display only covers the top half of the device, with the 1.73-inch front-firing speaker occupying the bottom half. Amazon Could Charge Fee for Unprofitable Alexa Service, Plans AI Revamp The 2.83-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 240x320 pixels comes with a customisable alarm clock, weather widget, interface to view song titles, and more. The clock can be customised in six colour options including blue, lime, magenta, orange, teal, and violet. Users can also mix-and-match the colours to create unique designs. Amazon Echo Spot 2024 features a physical button to turn the microphone on and off. There are physical buttons for volume control as well. The device is powered by Alexa, so users can ask the voice assistant questions and give it commands as usual. The company has also added 10 difference response animation that can be triggered with specific prompts such as “Alexa, hello”, “Alexa, tell me a joke”, and “Alexa, thank you”. Amazon Reportedly Struggling to Make Alexa Smarter


Amazon Plans to Offer Improved AI-Powered Alexa at an Extra Cost: Report Further, Alexa can also carry-out multiple actions such as controlling compatible smart home devices, getting audio drop-ins from other Alexa devices, and displaying alerts from compatible smart doorbells. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple May Revive Its Plans to Make iPad, AirPods Charging Cases in India: Report" ,  Apple produced $14 billion worth of iPhone models in India in the last fiscal year as part of its effort to manufacture more devices outside of China. Now, the Cupertino-based company seems to be gearing up to diversify its production operations in India to include iPad and AirPod models. After earlier hitting a hurdle, Apple is reportedly bringing back its plan to make iPad units in India and is looking for a manufacturing partner in the country. Additionally, the company is said to be eyeing to kickstart the production of AirPods in India starting early next year. A report by Moneycontrol, citing anonymous sources, states that Apple may soon start looking for a manufacturing partner in India to make iPad models in the country. This move comes after previous attempts to collaborate with China-based BYD for iPad production were stopped due to government restrictions led by geopolitical concerns. Apple is also said to be looking to increase production of components for AirPods wireless charging cases through Jabil in India. The report says It has plans to start production of AirPods in the country starting early 2025. The brand has reportedly initiated trial production of components for wireless charging cases in Pune with Jabil and is considering a similar arrangement with Taiwan's Foxconn. After quality testing and final approval, Jabil will ramp up commercial production of wireless charging case parts for AirPods, the report added. This could meet export requirements and address domestic demand. iPhone 16 Lineup Again Tipped to Run on This A-series Chips The Indian government is also said to be encouraging Apple to consider producing laptops and desktops in India in the future. The company has reportedly shared "big plans" for India for the next two to three years. Apple is preparing to build an alternate supply chain in India to bring more partners to the country while deepening the capabilities of existing ones. iPhone 16 Lineup to Get New Battery That Could Last Longer: Report Apple in recent years began assembling its latest iPhone models in India marking a significant shift from its practice of reserving much of that for giant Chinese factories run by its main Taiwanese assemblers. The shifting of areas of production from China to India takes place through Foxconn and Tata Electronics under the ambit of the country's production-linked incentive (PLI) schemes. Last year, Apple made the iPhone 15 series assembled in the India available for purchase in the country on the first day of sale simultaneously with China-made iPhone units. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Xbox Cloud Gaming Now Available on Amazon Fire TV Stick With the Xbox App" ,  Xbox cloud gaming is now available on the Amazon Fire TV Stick, courtesy of the new Xbox app. Microsoft first announced that it would be making its Xbox games available to Fire TV stick owners via the Xbox app last month, however, it was not found on the Amazon app store. Starting this month, Xbox Game Pass Ultimate subscribers can take advantage of the platform's cloud gaming services to play their favourite Xbox titles on the Amazon Fire TV Stick, without requiring a dedicated Xbox console. Xbox Cloud Gaming on Amazon Fire TV Stick With the new Xbox app on Amazon Fire TV Stick, gamers won't require an Xbox console to play games. Along with the announcement, Amazon also released an advertisement that said: “you don't need an Xbox to play Xbox”. The service supports Fire TV Stick 4K Max (2023) or a Fire TV Stick 4K (2023), and only these devices are compatible with the Xbox app. To play games, players can pair Bluetooth-enabled controllers with the devices, according to the company. However, an Xbox Game Pass Ultimate subscription is a prerequisite for playing titles from the Xbox library. Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster Will Launch in September, Pre-Orders Now Live Since it is a cloud-based gaming service, it does not depend on the device's graphical prowess. Instead, gamers can play graphically-intensive games, such as Starfield, Forza Horizon 5, Microsoft Flight Simulator and Senua's Saga: Hellblade II. However, Amazon says that a “solid” internet connection is required, which if provided, can be used to stream games in addition to saving the player's progress. The entire gaming setup would also be easily movable, even when the player is on the go. The Xbox app is free to download on the Amazon app store and is available in Czech, Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, and other languages. Multiple Assassin's Creed Games Are Being Remade, Ubisoft CEO Confirm


Indian Video Games Firms Seek Distinction From RMG Sector in Letter to PMO This development comes just weeks after Microsoft announced that it would soon be delisting one of its most popular titles – Forza Horizon 4 – from digital storefronts, just six years after it was released. The game will be delisted starting December 15, and will also be removed from Xbox Game Pass. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Odyssey Building 'Hollywood-Grade' AI Text-to-Video Model to Compete With Sora, Gen-3 Alpha" ,  Odyssey, an artificial intelligence (AI) startup founded last year, shared details about its first AI product on Monday. The firm revealed that it is building an AI video model that can create Hollywood-grade visual effects, just like OpenAI's Sora tool that is yet to be released by the company. Odyssey's co-founder says that the AI model will let users edit and control the output at a granular level, adding that the firm is working with multiple large language models (LLMs) to generate different layers of the output video, which can be controlled separately. How Odyssey's AI Visual Model Works In a series of posts on X (formerly Twitter) Odyssey CEO and Co-Founder Oliver Cameron said that the AI startup had raised $9 million (roughly Rs. 75.1 crores) in its seed round funding led by Google Ventures and was currently building a tool that would deliver high-quality video that could be customised and edited by users. Cameron also shared details about Odyssey's AI technology and claims that it was designed to generate "Hollywood-grade" video. The executive also said that the startup was training four generative models to users to take "full control of the core layers of visual storytelling". Individually, each model will enable you to precisely configure the minutia of your scene.Combined, these models will generate video or scenes, but exactly as you wanted.Going further, our model outputs integrate into existing pipelines in use in Hollywood and beyond. pic.twitter.com/jHZoevLV9n— Oliver Cameron (@olivercameron) July 8, 2024 Cameron highlighted the problem in existing AI text-to-video models, which is the lack of tools or options to control or edit the output. “As a storyteller, you have little ability to direct your environment or characters, or to iterate on the finer details of your shot until it's just right. More powerful models are required,” he added. To solve the problem, the company is using multiple AI models that will generate a single layer of the composite video. As per Cameron, four models will independently generate geometry, materials, lighting, and motion. These four layers will be generated simultaneously based on a single text prompt and then combined to present the final video. The company claims that users will have the option to configure each layer separately for greater control over the output. Odyssey will also integrate its video outputs into existing Hollywood tools and systems used to generate visual effects. Currently, the AI video model is in its early development stage. There is no launch date for the AI model. However, the company has highlighted that it will keep sharing regular updates about its progress. Notably, Cameron has previously worked for Cruise and Voyage, two startups working with self-driving vehicles. Google's Gemini Chatbot Could Soon Work Even When Your Phone Is Locked


Apple Said to Be Working on a Table-Top Robot With AI Features


YouTube Music Is Now Testing This AI-Powered Custom Radio Feature Jeff Hawke, the other Co-Founder and the CTO of the company was previously working as the Vice President of Technology at Wayve, an AI firm which is developing autonomous driving systems. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Series Unofficial Unboxing Video Surfaces Online; Price, Design Tipped" ,  Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 series will be unveiled at Samsung's Galaxy Unpacked event on July 10, alongside the latest Z series foldable smartphones and Galaxy Watch 7 series. As we wait for the official reveal, photos and videos showing off the Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 in two colour schemes have surfaced on the Web. A separate leak reveals the alleged Korean pricing of the Galaxy Buds 3 and Galaxy Buds 3 Pro duo. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 duo pricing leaked Tipster Sleep Kuma (@Kuma_Sleepy) posted a screenshot on X showing the launch prices for the Galaxy Buds 3 and Galaxy Buds 3 Pro in South Korea. As per the leak, the Galaxy Buds 3 is priced at KRW 2,03,700 (roughly Rs. 12,000) and the Galaxy Buds 3 Pro is priced at KRW 2,96,700 (roughly Rs. 18,000). These are similar to the price tags of previous-generation models. The Galaxy Buds 2 and Galaxy Buds 2 Pro were released in India for Rs. 11,999 and Rs. 17,999, respectively. The vanilla Galaxy Buds 3 is shown in white colour with model number SM-R530, while the Galaxy Buds 3 Pro model is listed in black shade with model number SM-R630. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro Leaked Images Show These LED Strips on Each Stem Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 get unboxed on video before launch Additionally, OnlyTechAE (@OnlyTechAE) on X posted photos and videos detailing the design of the Galaxy Buds 3. The unofficial unboxing video shows off the retail box of the earbuds which include a charging case with a transparent lid along with stemmed earbuds. The look is similar to that of the Apple AirPods Pro (2nd Gen). Shhhh 🫢 hello there the white and gray edition of the upcoming galaxy buds 3 is here what you think of this design? @TheGalox_ @AnxiousHolly pic.twitter.com/1ZwxfMu2Ku— OnlyTechAE 𝕏 (@OnlyTechAE) July 8, 2024 The stems of Galaxy Buds 3 seem to have an angular design compared to conventional earbuds. There are LED strips to enhance the stems of the earbuds, and they might serve as a battery indicator. The earbuds are shown in grey and white colourways The Galaxy Buds 3 and Galaxy Buds 3 Pro will debut on July 10 at the Galaxy Unpacked event in Paris, France. The grand launch event will also see the release of Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6. The Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch Ultra, and Galaxy Ring will also be part of the event. Samsung Galaxy Ring May Cost as Much as Galaxy Watch 6 Classic in Europe   




title = "Redmi Pad Pro Officially Teased to Launch in India Later This Month: Expected Specifications" ,  Redmi Pad Pro will launch in India later this month, the company officially announced during the launch of the Redmi 13 5G in the country on Tuesday. The tablet made its debut in China on May 20 as the latest addition to Redmi's portfolio of tablet devices powered by HyperOS. However, the Chinese company remained tight-lipped regarding the details of the Indian variant of the Redmi Pad Pro. This development comes months after the tablet was spotted on the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) website. Redmi Pad Pro Specifications (Expected) The Redmi Pad Pro is already available for purchase in China. However, it is not known if the tablet sold in India would feature similar specifications. Notably, the Redmi Pad Pro in China sports a 12.1-inch LCD screen with a 2560x1600 resolution and a pixel density of 249 pixels per inch (ppi). The display has a refresh rate of 120Hz and supports 600 nits of peak brightness. It is Dolby Vision certified and comes with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection on top. It also comes with an adaptive reading mode, TÜV Rheinland Low Blue Light, Flicker Free and Circadian Friendly specifications. Redmi 13 5G With 108-Megapixel Camera Launched in India at This Price Under the hood, the Redmi Pad Pro is powered by the 4-nanometre Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 processor with a peak clock speed of 2.4GHz. The chipset is paired with up to 8GB LPDDR4X RAM and up to 256GB UFS 2.2 storage. The storage can be expanded to 1.5TB. It runs on Xiaomi HyperOS based on Android 14. In terms of optics, the Redmi Pad Pro has a single 8-megapixel camera at the back which supports 1080p video recording at 30fps. There is an 8-megapixel selfie shooter on the front of the tablet. OnePlus Nord 4, Pad 2, Watch 2R, Nord Buds 3 Pro to Launch on July 16


OnePlus Pad 2 Specifications Leaked; Tipped to Launch in India The tablet supports Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.2, Wi-Fi Direct, Miracast and USB 2.0 data transfer speeds. Backing the Redmi Pad Pro is a 10,000mAh battery which supports up to 33W fast charging via USB Type-C. The tablet measures 280.0x181.85x7.52mm in terms of dimensions and weighs 571g. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Indian Fintech Firms Calls Basel Committee's Crypto Rules Transparency-Driven, Progressive" ,  The Basel Committee of Banking Supervision (BCBS) released a new ‘disclosure framework' directing banks to reflect their exposure to crypto assets as public records earlier this month. In conversation with Gadgets360, Indian fintech firms have said the Basel Committee's decision to pass this law is progressive and driven towards bringing more transparency to the relationship between cryptocurrencies and banks on an international level. Indian Fintech Firms React to Basel Committee's Disclosure Framework In conversation with Gadgets360, NeoFinity Founder and CEO Rayan Malhotra said that while it might be challenging to implement, the Basel Committee's decision promises to bring about a positive shift in international fintech industry. NeoFinity is the fintech unit of the Neo Group and provides asset management services and financial advisories to institutions. "Banks are set to embark on a new era of transparency and accountability. They are now expected to openly disclose their trading in cryptocurrency assets. The Basel Committee's new crypto disclosure framework marks a significant step towards greater transparency and regulatory clarity in the crypto industry," Malhotra noted. Europe's New 'Travel Rule' Guidelines for Crypto to Curb Money Laundering According to Malhotra, the Basel Committee's crypto asset disclosure framework will ensure that financial institutions can integrate crypto assets more securely and responsibly into their operations. In the wider picture, this could help the crypto industry see a safer scope for widespread adoption across all 45 BCBS' member countries including India, Australia, China, the EU, Germany, Italy, and Japan. Adding to Malhotra's outlook, A2Z Crypto Co-Founder and CEO Krishnendu Chatterjee said that BCBS' crypto disclosure framework for banks will also secure the playing field for investors engaging with crypto ETFs. On an overall level, Chatterjee predicts that this development will usher-in more institutional exposure to cryptocurrency. "Due to the nature of crypto assets, complete transparency in holding and proper disclosure will give confidence to any structured products like ETFs or yield bearing tokens which the banks might offer to the clients. It could easily be achieved by disclosing wallet addresses, in which tokens/ coins are held," Chatterjee noted. Crypto Airdrops Spur Use of Web3 Wallets, DeFi Growth Slows: Report As these assets are blockchain based, they already offer transparency and instant settlements, that hardly other Tradfi assets can provide, the A2Z Crypto CEO added. Why the Crypto Sector Needs Banking Regulations The crypto sector touched an all-time high of over $3 trillion back in 2021. A year later, promising crypto projects like Terra and FTX collapsed, wiping off an estimated $2 trillion. Amidst the ensuing financial turmoil, multiple crypto-related banks in the US like Silvergate also shut down. These instances raised concerns among global banking authorities around the risks that volatile crypto assets could pose to their respective financial systems and stability. Soon after, the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, and the Financial Stability Board began prioritising work around drafting rules to govern the crypto sector to safeguard crypto investors from similar losses. Last year, financial regulators from around the world joined India in working towards drafting crypto rules that could work uniformly across international locations. As part of the efforts, a crypto adoption roadmap, outlining general rules like KYC details collection and reporting suspicious crypto activities, was created last year. Other parts of the world are also exploring ways to integrate crypto with banking but under stringent safety-related guidelines. Earlier this month, the European Banking Authority (EBA) has imposed the 'travel rule' over crypto businesses, under which, all crypto firms across the EU have been mandated to maintain records of each crypto transaction processed through their platforms.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Indian Video Games Industry Seeks Distinction From Real Money Games, Sends Policy Suggestions to Centre" ,  A consortium of Indian video games and esports companies have written to the newly formed government, requesting a comprehensive industry-focussed policy, regulatory streamlining and a clear distinction from real money games that are often conflated with video games under the “Online Games” umbrella term. In addition to clear classification, the video games industry in the country, represented by over 70 companies, has also made nine further suggestions to help accelerate the growth of the gaming sector in India. Indian video games industry writes to PMO In a letter to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) and the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting (MIB) sent Tuesday, Indian video game companies sought a “comprehensive, video games-focussed policy in line with global best practices.” The companies also requested government's support for growing Indian-made original IPs and legislative and regulatory streamlining to help bring clear policies for video games in the country. “The Indian Video Games Industry has requested the newly formed Indian government to break the existing categorisation of online games into two separate categories — video games and real money games, for fair and equitable policymaking and to boost the sunrise sector's growth in a new representation letter to the Prime Minister's Office and to the office of the Minister of Information and Broadcasting (MIB),” a press release from the companies said. Games Industry Requests Distinction From Real Money Games in Letter to PMO Harish Chengaiah, founder and CEO of Outlier Games, who also organised the consortium of Indian game developers, said that the video games industry in India was set to be worth $942 million (roughly Rs. 7,864 crore) in 2024, citing data from video game market research firm Niko Partners. The games sector in India was projected to reach $1.6 billion (roughly Rs. 13,357 crore) by 2029, surpassing the cumulative revenues of all Indian film industries and becoming the largest entertainment industry in the country. The Outlier Games CEO also sought to draw a clear line between video games — “purely entertainment-oriented digital games that do not have an element of monetary staking” — and real money games. “We urge the government to take a measured and nuanced approach to video games as they have definite potential to spearhead India's creative economy and soft power aspirations,” Chengaiah said. Centre's Online Gaming Rules Very Clear With Regard to Wagering: ASG Policy suggestions for Indian video games industry In its letter to the PMO and the office of the Union Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Ashwini Vaishnaw, the companies representing the video games industry in India also shared ten suggestions as part of the national AVGC-XR policy for the government to help accelerate the growth of the sector in the country. These include a demand for clear distinction between video games and real money games for conducive policymaking, and curbing misrepresentation in media. The companies also recommended appointing the I&B Ministry as the Nodal Agency for video games in the country. Additionally, the stakeholders sought the rationalising of import duties and easing of customs process for crucial proprietary development hardware. The companies also suggested that video games be moved from 18 percent to 12 percent Goods and Services Tax (GST) bracket. The communication from the video games industry in India arrives almost a year after industry stakeholders wrote a similar letter to the government over ‘Online Games' tax, calling for distinction from real money games. Last year in July, the Goods and Services Tax (GST) council imposed a 28 percent tax on online gaming, casinos, and horse racing. Then Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, who took over the reins of the ministry again last month, had at the time announced the new taxation policy.  What are the most exciting titles that gamers can look forward to in 2023? We discuss some of our favourites on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Asus Vivobook S 15 OLED Copilot+ Laptop With Snapdragon X Elite Chip Launched in India : Specifications, Price" ,  Asus Vivobook S 15 OLED was launched in India on Tuesday as the company's first Copilot+ PC to be launched in India. Although the S 15 OLED was already part of Asus' lineup of laptops, the new iteration is the first device from the company with Microsoft's Copilot+ PC certification. It is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon X Elite chipset and offers support for artificial intelligence (AI) features that are coming to Windows 11 with an upcoming update. It follows the launch of the Asus Vivobook S15 Copilot+ PC which was introduced in global markets in June. Asus Vivobook S15 OLED (2024, Copilot+) Price in India Asus Vivobook S 15 OLED (S5507) price in India starts at Rs. 1,24,990. It can be purchased in a single Cool Silver colourway and a single 16GB RAM+1TB SSD storage configuration. According to the company, the Vivobook S 15 OLED is available via Flipkart, Asus e-shop, Asus exclusive stores and Pegasus stores. Asus Vivobook S 15 Goes on Sale as Company's First Copilot+ PC Asus Vivobook S 15 OLED (2024, Copilot+) Specifications The Asus Vivobook S 15 OLED runs on Windows 11 Home and comes bundled with Microsoft Office Home & Student 2021. It sports a 15-inch 3K (2,880 x 1,620 pixels) OLED display with an 89 percent screen-to-body ratio, a 120Hz refresh rate and up to 600 nits peak brightness. It has a 1080p webcam with a privacy shutter and infrared (IR) capabilities, with Windows Hello login support. Under the hood, the Asus Vivobook S 15 OLED is equipped with a Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite chipset with Qualcomm AI Engine, Adreno GPU and a Qualcomm Hexagon neural processing unit (NPU). The chipset is paired with 16GB LPDDR5X RAM and 1TB NVMe SSD storage. The laptop features an aluminium lid, a backlit chiclet keyboard with numeric keys and 1-zone RGB. Being an AI PC, it also features a dedicated Copilot key. Additionally, it also comes with inbuilt speakers tuned by Harman Kardon and a microphone array. Tipster Leaks Price of Microsoft Surface Laptop 7, Surface Pro 11 in India


MSI Crosshair 16 HX Monster Hunter Edition, MSI Claw Go on Sale in India Asus Vivobook S 15 OLED features a 3-cell 70Whr Li-ion battery that can be charged using the included 90W AC adapter. The laptop offers Bluetooth 5.4 and Wi-Fi 7 connectivity. It is equipped with two USB 3.2 Gen 1 Type-A ports, two USB 4.0 Type-C ports, an HDMI 2.1 port and a single 3.5mm headphone jack. It also gets a dedicated microSD card reader. The laptop measures 352.6x227x15.9mm and weighs 1.42kg. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G With 108-Megapixel Rear Camera Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G was launched in India on Tuesday. Arriving as the latest entrant in the company's Spark series, the smartphone comes with a performance upgrade over the 4G model launched in December 2023. The device was first launched in select international markets last month, and now it has been introduced in the country as well. The Spark 20 Pro 5G is equipped with the MediaTek Dimensity 6080 chipset and carries a 108-megapixel primary rear camera. It also supports 10 5G bands. Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G Price in India, Availability Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G price in India is set at Rs. 15,999 for the 8GB RAM and 128GB inbuilt storage variant. The higher storage variant with 8GB RAM and 256GB inbuilt storage has been priced at Rs. 16,999. The smartphones are available in Startrail Black and Glossy White colour options. The smartphone will go on sale starting July 11. It will be available across various online and offline outlets in the country. Tecno is also providing an introductory offer where users can get a cashback of Rs. 2,000 on all debit and credit cards as well as on UPI and Paper Finance. OnePlus Nord 4 Price, Renders, Specifications Revealed in New Leaks Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G Specifications Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G is a dual SIM smartphone that features a 6.78-inch Full-HD+ (2,460x1,080 pixels) IPS LCD screen with a 120Hz refresh rate. It is equipped with the MediaTek Dimensity 6080 chipset and the Mali-G57 MC2 GPU paired with 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB of inbuilt storage. The smartphone runs on Android 14-based HiOS 14 out-of-the-box. It also carries a side-mounted fingerprint scanner. For optics, the Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G sports a triple rear camera setup comprising a 108-megapixel primary camera with an f/1.8 aperture, a 2-megapixel depth sensor with an f/2.4 aperture, and an auxiliary lens. The primary camera supports video recording up to 1440p with 30fps. On the front, it has an 8-megapixel selfie camera. iOS 18 Beta 3 Automatically Displays Dark Icons for Third-Party Apps


Xiaomi Mix Flip Alleged NCC Listing Shows Live Images, Battery Details The Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G is backed by a 5,000mAh battery along with a 33W wired charging solution. It also supports 10W reverse charging. For connectivity, the smartphone supports 4G LTE, 10 5G bands, WiFi 5, Bluetooth 5.3, GPS, and FM Radio. The smartphone has an IP53 rating for dust and water resistance. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Gemini Live Feature With Ability to Operate on Locked Android Phones Spotted in Development" ,  Google Gemini, the company's artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot, could reportedly be updated with a new feature. If the leaked details about the new feature are accurate, users with Android smartphones will soon be able to access the Gemini AI-powered assistant while keeping other apps open. Interestingly, the feature will reportedly work even when the screen of the smartphone is off. Dubbed Gemini Live, the feature was first showcased at Google I/O 2024, as a part of the company's Project Astra, and is expected to arrive later this year. Google Developing New 'Gemini Live' Feature 9to5Google spotted code strings referring to the feature while decompiling of the latest beta version of the Google app (version 15.27) for Android smartphones. The string mentions a ‘background mode' and describes the functionality as the ability to “continue Live chats while using other apps or while your screen is locked.” The publication believes the string refers to Gemini Live, a feature which was first mentioned at Google I/O 2024. At the event, Google described it as a two-way conversational feature where users can have a free-flowing dialogue with the AI. Gemini App Might Let You Talk to AI in Two Separate Windows Simultaneously This feature, which is being developed by Google DeepMind under the Project Astra banner, appears to be similar to GPT-4o's real-time speech feature. While OpenAI confirmed the delay of the speech feature, Google's feature is expected to arrive later this year. This feature will be available only for the Gemini Advanced subscribers. During the showcase, the feature's interface was shown to be similar to a phone calling screen, with a pause and an end button placed at the bottom. Users will get 10 different voices for Gemini to choose from. Users can also interrupt the AI mid-conversation and it will adapt based on what is being said next. To use the Gemini Live feature while the screen is locked, users will reportedly have to enable the setting first. During the call, users can say ‘Stop' to end the chat. Separately, a persistent notification is also displayed, which can also be used to end the call, according to the publication. Apple Will Reportedly Offer Gemini AI Alongside ChatGPT on iOS 18


Google Gemini to Soon Be Available to Teen Students in Over 100 Countries This feature is currently being developed for Android smartphones. It is not known whether the feature will be available on the desktop or on the iOS app in the future. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Nord 4 Price in India, Renders Surface Online; 1.5K Display, Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 SoC Tipped" ,  OnePlus Nord 4 is all set to go official on July 16. While OnePlus remains tight-lipped about the next-generation Nord series phone, a slew of leaks have revealed its possible design, price in India and specifications. The OnePlus Nord 4 is said to cost below Rs. 30,000 in the country. It could run on Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 SoC and feature a 6.74-inch 1.5K OLED display. The OnePlus Nord 4 is likely to pack a 5,500mAh battery with 100W fast charging support. OnePlus Nord 4 design, specifications leaked A report by Android Headlines includes alleged renders and specifications of the OnePlus Nord 4. The official-looking images corroborate the previous design leaks and show the phone in black, mint and white or silver shades. The handset seems to have a dual-tone design with a metal build. The renders show a hole punch cutout for the selfie shooter and flat sides. It appears to have retained the alert slider on the left side. The bottom side seems to house a USB Type-C port as well. As per the report, the OnePlus Nord 4 features a 6.74-inch OLED display with 1.5K resolution and 120Hz refresh rate. It could run on a Snapdragon 7 Plus Gen 3 SoC and pack a 5,500mAh battery with 100W charging support. It is said to feature a 50-megapixel primary sensor, an 8-megapixel ultra-wide lens, and a 16-megapixel selfie shooter. OnePlus Pad 2, Nord Buds 3 Pro, Watch 2R Renders, Specifications Tipped OnePlus Nord 4 price in india Additionally, tipster Abhishek Yadav (@yabhishekhd) on X claimed that the OnePlus Nord 4 will be priced at Rs. 27,999, including bank offers. It was previously tipped to come with a price tag of Rs. 31,999. OnePlus 13, OnePlus Ace 4 Tipped to Feature 6,000mAh Batteries The OnePlus Nord 4 is likely to be a rebranded OnePlus Ace 3V, which has been available in China since March. The latter was released at the price of CNY 1,999 (roughly Rs. 23,000) for the 12GB RAM + 256GB storage option. 




title = "iOS 18 Beta Developer Beta 3 Introduces Automatic Dark Icon Theming for Third-Party Apps" ,  Apple showcased iOS 18 – its next operating system update for the iPhone – at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10. Since then, the Cupertino-based tech giant has rolled out several iterations of the iOS 18 beta to developers, comprising new features, system enhancements and bug fixes. Building upon the previous developer beta update, Apple released the iOS 18 Developer Beta 3 update for iPhone on Monday and it is reported to bring Dark Mode icons for third-party apps, a larger flashlight interface and other features. iOS 18 Developer Beta 3 Brings Automatic Dark Icon Theming The visual change was spotted by MacRumors on iOS 18 Developer Beta 3, and users who have updated to the latest version with build number 22A5307F should be able to see the automatic Dark Mode theming support for third-party app icons. Apple showcased new home screen customisation options at WWDC 2024 last month, including the ability to add a colour tint to icons, or enable a dark theme for app icons. Apple Said to Be Working on Cheaper Apple Watch SE Model Made of Plastic The icons which have a white background can now be switched to black, and Apple's release notes state that the update resolves some bugs related to the same automatic dark theme for icons. In addition to the new icons, the iOS 18 Developer Beta 3 update also brings emoji, Memoji, and stickers together in a single, scrollable interface on Apple's iPhone operating system. In the Photos app, a Select option now appears at the top-right corner of the screen by default, instead of having to swipe down to access it. Other features spotted on the latest iOS 18 beta version include more options in the interface for RCS texts in the Messages app, a larger interface for the flashlight feature, and dynamic versions of Apple's iOS 18 wallpapers, as well as tweaked colours for the Apple Maps icon. Apple Intelligence Features Could Arrive on iPhone in Spring 2025


iPhone 14 at an Effective Price of Rs. 34,900 During Monsoon Fest Sale The publication also spotted iOS 18 Developer Beta 3 code that also hints at some features of Apple Intelligence – the iPhone maker's upcoming suite of artificial intelligence (AI) features. It is claimed to have references to Genmoji, Image Playground, Image Wand, and Writing Tools. Notably, Apple showcased AI features during its WWDC keynote but their arrival isn't due until next year, despite the rollout of iOS 18 slated in the coming months following the launch of the iPhone 16 series in September. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Europe Issues 'Travel Rule' Guidelines for Crypto Firms Amid Push to Curb Money Laundering, Financial Crime" ,  The European Union (EU) is adding more layers to its crypto-related regulations to ensure that virtual digital assets (VDAs) are not misused by criminals to conduct or finance illicit activities. The European Banking Authority (EBA) has imposed a ‘travel rule' on crypto firms that will require them to store details of transactions on their platforms, that aims to reduce instances of money laundering and terror financing using crypto assets — these transactions often leave no trail leading back to the perpetrators of the crime. The EBA has made it mandatory for all crypto firms to disclose details about each transaction on their respective platforms, as per a statement released by the regulatory authority earlier this month. EBA's Travel Rule Guidelines Under the new guidelines, crypto firms in the EU have been instructed to collect and maintain records of the payers and beneficiaries for all transactions. The travel rule applies to all firms operating within the EU region, which will be required to confirm their compliance. Firms seeking an exemption, must provide reasons to the authorities that will be assessed. Valora Unveils Mobile Stack Web3 Apps Launchpad for iOS, Android Apps Crypto firms that do not adhere to this law without notifying the authorities will be classified under ‘non-compliant' businesses and could face legal action. Businesses related to crypto financing have been directed to amend their policies in a way that they align with EBA's travel rule, which already covers the traditional banking sector. The guidelines are comprehensive and will go into effect on December 30. The EU's Crypto Rules The EBA is also working with EU policymakers to bind the volatile and financially risky crypto sector in a solid legal framework in a move that is expected to make the crypto sector safer for exploration for investors, without posing risk to EU's financial stability and while also cracking down on crypto exploiters. CoinDCX Acquires UAE-Based BitOasis Exchange to Expand in MENA Region Earlier in June, the EBA published the final draft technical standards that will govern its Markets in Crypto Assets (MiCA) rules. The EBA addressed a number of issues in its final draft of technical standards including those related to liquidity requirements, stress testing programme, asset reserves, and recovery plans. The EU approved its MiCA legislation in October 2022, aiming to ensure consumer protection, prevent market manipulation, and curb financial crimes linked to digital assets in the EU.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi Mix Flip Alleged NCC Listing Shows Live Images; Suggests Battery Details, Charging Speed" ,  Xiaomi Mix Flip, the first clamshell foldable from Xiaomi, is confirmed to go official later this month. The exact launch date will likely be revealed soon, but ahead of it, the handset was spotted on the National Communications Commission (NCC) website in Taiwan. The alleged listing reveals real-life images, battery and charging details of the Xiaomi Mix Flip. It is likely to run on a 4,700mAh battery. The smartphone is also expected to run on Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC and could pack a 50-megapixel main camera. As per a report by MySmartPrice, the NCC listing shows a smartphone with model number 2405CPX3DG. This model number is believed to be associated with the Xiaomi Mix Flip. The listing indicates 67W fast charging support on the phone with the MDY-15-EV adaptor and suggests the presence of a dual battery with 1,145mAh and 3,595mAh capacities. Meanwhile, a known tipster on Weibo gave more clarity about the battery capacity of the Xiaomi Mix Flip. He claims that it could house a 4,700mAh battery with 67W fast charging. It was earlier said to get a 4,900mAh battery. Redmi Note 14 Pro Early Leak Suggests 50-Megapixel Main Camera Xiaomi Mix Flip live images appear on the NCC site The alleged NCC listing includes live images of the Xiaomi Mix Flip, and they suggest that the clamshell foldable phone will have a vertically aligned dual camera setup on the cover display. It appears to have a centrally aligned hole-punch cutout on the main foldable display and Xiaomi branding at the bottom. The images could be of a prototype device. The Xiaomi Mix Flip was previously spotted on Thailand's National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission, IMEI and TUV certification database with the same model number 2405CPX3DG. Xiaomi earlier this week announced that the Mix Flip will be launched later this month alongside the Mix Fold 4. The new phones will be the first devices to come out of the new Xiaomi Smart Factory in Changping, Beijing. They are expected to be launched in global markets outside China. Redmi 14C 5G Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website Suggesting India Launch As per past leaks, Xiaomi Mix Flip will feature a 1.5K resolution display and run on Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. It could carry a dual rear camera unit which is expected to include a 50-megapixel OV50E main sensor and a 60-megapixel OV60A secondary sensor with 2x optical zoom. It might get a 32-megapixel sensor on the front.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Redmi 13 5G With 108-Megapixel Camera, Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 AE Chipset Launched in India: Price, Specificiations" ,  Redmi 13 5G was launched in India on Tuesday during an event marking the company's 10th anniversary of its arrival in the country. It is the first smartphone in India to be launched with a Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 AE (accelerated edition) chipset. The Redmi 13 5G features a 108-megapixel primary camera with support for 3x in-sensor zoom, along with a 13-megapixel front-facing camera for selfies. It packs a 5,030mAh battery with support for 33W fast charging, using the included charger. Redmi 13 5G Price in India, Availability Redmi 13 5G price in India is set at Rs. 13,999 for the 6GB + 128GB RAM and storage configuration, while the 8GB + 128GB memory variant is priced at Rs. 15,499. The company says that these are "suggested prices" but did not offer any clarification as to whether these are the final prices for these handsets. The smartphone is available in Hawaiian Blue, Black Diamond, and Orchid Pink colourways. The newly launched Redmi 13 5G will be sold via Amazon, the company's online store, and retail channels, starting on July 12 at 12pm (noon). Customers can also lower the price of their purchase by Rs. 1,000 using an eligible bank discount or exchange offer, according to the company. Redmi 13 5G Specifications The dual-SIM (Nano) Redmi 13 5G runs on Android 14 with Xiaomi's HyperOS skin on top. It sports a 6.79-inch Full-HD+ (1,080x2,400 pixels) IPS LCD display with a 120Hz refresh rate and Gorilla Glass 3 protection. The handset is powered by a 4nm octa-core Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 AE SoC from Qualcomm, paired with up to 8GB of RAM. For photos and videos, the Redmi 13 5G is equipped with a 108-megapixel camera with a Samsung ISOCELL HM6 sensor and an f/1.75 aperture. The company says that the primary camera offers 3x in-sensor zoom. The phone also has with a 2-megapixel macro camera. For video chats and selfies, it features a 13-megapixel front facing camera, located in a hole-punch cutout on the display. You get 128GB of inbuilt storage on the Redmi 13 5G. Connectivity options on the handset include 5G, 4G LTE, dual band Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.4, GPS, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. The smartphone is also equipped with a USB Type-C port for data transfers and charging the 5,030mAh battery at 33W. Sensors on board the Redmi 13 5G include an accelerometer, gyroscope, e-compass, proximity sensor, ambient light sensor. The handset also features an infrared (IR) transmitter that can be used to control various household appliances. It has a side-mounted fingerprint scanner for biometric authentication. Besides, it measures 168.6x76.28x8.3mm and weighs 205g. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi 15 Series Specifications Leaked; Tipped to Feature 120Hz Displays, Wi-Fi 7 Connectivity" ,  Xiaomi 15 series – comprising the Xiaomi 15 and 15 Pro – is expected to launch in the coming months as the company's next generation flagship phones. The specifications of both smartphones have now been leaked on a Chinese microblogging website. Xiaomi's handsets are tipped to sport 120Hz displays with up to 1,400 nits of peak brightness. Furthermore, they are also tipped to support Wi-Fi 7 connectivity. The latest leak builds upon a previous social media post which revealed the battery specifications of the purported Xiaomi 15 Pro. Xiaomi 15 Specifications (Rumoured) The specifications of the purported Xiaomi 15 lineup were leaked on Weibo by tipster Zou Jiachen (translated from Chinese). The standard model is said to sport a 6.36-inch 1.5K display with a 120Hz refresh rate. The smartphone's display will have a peak brightness of 1,400 nits, the user claims. A 4,800 or 4,900mAh battery with support for 100W charging (wired) and 50W (wireless) is expected to power the Xiaomi 15. It may be equipped with a triple rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel OmniVision OV50H sensor, an ultrawide camera and a 3x telephoto camera — with both of these cameras featuring a Samsung JN1 sensor. On the front, it may have a 32-megapixel camera. Vivo Y28s, Vivo Y28e With Dimensity 6100+ 5G SoC Launched in India Xiaomi 15 Pro Specifications (Rumoured) The Xiaomi 15 Pro is tipped to have a 6.73-inch 2K display with a 120Hz refresh rate. While it is expected to feature the same ultrawide camera as the Xiaomi 15, it is claimed to get a 50-megapixel OmniVision OV50N primary sensor and an unspecified 3x telephoto camera. It is said to pack a 5,400mAh battery with 120W (wired) and 80W (wireless) fast charging support. Both smartphones are said to be the first devices powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset, paired with up to 16GB LPDDR5x RAM and up to 1TB UFS 4.0 storage. Furthermore, the Xiaomi 15 series is also speculated to offer Wi-Fi 7 support, dual speakers, an IP68 rating, and an ultrasonic fingerprint sensor. Xiaomi 15 Series Price (Rumoured) The tipster claims that both smartphones will be available with a base 12GB+256GB configuration. The Xiaomi 15 is said to start at CNY 4,599 (roughly Rs. 52,000) for the aforementioned variant, while the top-end 1TB variant is speculated to cost CNY 5,499 (roughly Rs. 63,000). Motorola Edge 50 Pro Is Now Available in This Colour Option in India


Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, Mix Flip Confirmed to Launch in July The base 12GB+256GB configuration of the Xiaomi 15 Pro is tipped to cost between CNY 5299-5499 (roughly Rs. 61,000-Rs. 63,000). The top-end 1TB configuration may be priced at CNY 6,499 (roughly Rs. 75,000). Additionally, it is also speculated to be available in a “Titanium Satellite Communication Edition”, which may cost CNY 6,999 (roughly Rs. 80,000). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Reportedly Planning to Introduce Apple Intelligence to Its Home Devices With a New Table-Top Robot" ,  Apple Intelligence was announced for several devices including the iPhone, iPad, and Mac at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024. An earlier report also highlighted that the artificial intelligence (AI) suite of features may also be added to the Apple Vision Pro, the company's mixed-reality headset. But the company's home devices such as the HomePod and Apple TV are not expected to get any AI capabilities in the near future. However, a new report claims that the company is working on a new robotic table-top device, which could be the first home device to flaunt Apple Intelligence features. Apple Reportedly Working on a Table-Top Robotic Device Bloomberg's Mark Gurman claimed in his Power On newsletter that Apple has no plans to introduce AI features to its HomePod or Apple TV lineup. Instead, the first home device by the company to get Apple Intelligence will be a device which is reportedly still under development. Gurman claims the Cupertino-based tech giant is working on a table-top home device that will use robotic mechanisms as well. Gurman first mentioned the device in an April report, where he said it would be “an advanced table-top home device that uses robotics to move a display around.” The idea behind the device is said to add a display that mimics the head movements of the user during a FaceTime call. Apple Intelligence Features Could Arrive on iPhone in Spring 2025 The device can also reportedly lock on to a single person standing in a group during a video call. The AI features that might be integrated into this device is currently unknown. There is also no word on when the device might be introduced. Further, the report highlighted that some Apple executives were concerned about whether consumers would pay for a device like this. Last week, a report highlighted Apple's plans to introduce a new HomePod with a touchscreen display attached to it. While there is no way to confirm, it is possible that the table-top robotic device was a reference to this. Apple Intelligence’s Premium Features Could be Behind a Paid Tier: Report


Apple Will Reportedly Offer Gemini AI Alongside ChatGPT on iOS 18 Separately, Gurman has also claimed that the AI-powered Siri will not be rolled out in beta till January 2025. A public release is said to take till the iOS 18.4 update, which is expected to arrive in springtime next year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Pad 2, Nord Buds 3 Pro, Watch 2R Renders Leak With Familiar Designs; Specifications Tipped" ,  OnePlus is hosting an event on July 16 to unveil the OnePlus Pad 2, Nord Buds 3 Pro and Watch 2R. The Chinese tech brand hasn't divulged anything about the new devices yet, but the latest leaks suggest their design and specifications. The OnePlus Watch 2R seems to arriving as an affordable version of the OnePlus Watch 2, while the Nord Buds 3 Pro is tipped to be offered in two colourways with an AirPods-like design. The OnePlus Pad 2 is said to run on Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 processor and come with two RAM and storage options. OnePlus Watch 2R, OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro design revealed The alleged renders and specifications of OnePlus Watch 2R, Nord Buds 3 Pro and Pad 2 were shared by tipster Steve Hemmerstoffer (@onleaks), in collaboration with Android Headlines. The leak shows the wearable in black and green colour options with a round dial. It appears to have two side-mounted buttons. It looks similar to the OnePlus Watch 2 that was announced earlier this year. The OnePlus Watch 2R is expected to be priced around $199 (roughly Rs. 16,000) or possibly $229 (roughly Rs. 25,000). OnePlus Nord 4 Price in India, Launch Date, Design, Specifications Tipped  OnePlus Watch 2R, OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro alleged rendersPhoto Credit: Android Headlines/ @onLeaks The leak shows off the OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro in mint green and black colours, matching the OnePlus Nord 4. They appear to have an Apple AirPod-like design with a combination of glossy and matte finishes. OnePlus is likely to offer the Nord Buds 3 Pro as a freebie when ordering the OnePlus Nord 4 in some regions. OnePlus 13, OnePlus Ace 4 Tipped to Feature 6,000mAh Batteries OnePlus Pad 2 design, specifications (leaked) Finally, the OnePlus Pad 2 seems to retain a similar design language to the OnePlus Pad. It is seen in a grey colour with curved edges. It is said to feature an aluminium unibody design, with the OnePlus-style camera module in the centre. The OnePlus Pad 2 could pack a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset and is said to be offered in 8GB+128GB and 12GB+256GB RAM and storage options. It is likely to get a 12.1-inch 144Hz LCD display with 900nits of peak brightness. It could pack a 9,510mAh battery with support for 67W charging. Additionally, tipster Ishan Agarwal (@ishanagarwal24) corroborated this leak about the OnePlus Pad 2 and OnePlus Watch 2R on X. He claimed that the tablet will be launched in India alongside the OnePlus Stylo 2 stylus, Smart Keyboard and Folio Case. Its display is said to offer Dolby Vision support and the tablet will feature six speakers. It is said to feature a 13-megapixel main camera and an 8-megapixel front camera. The OnePlus Watch 2R, on the other hand, is tipped to get two separate chipsets — the Snapdragon W5 and the BES 2700 MCU — alongside 2GB RAM and 32GB storage. OnePlus is likely to release the device in gunmetal grey and forest green colours. It is said to feature a 1.43-inch AMOLED display with up to 1,000nits in high brightness mode. It is said to come with 2ATM and IP68 water and dust resistance ratings. The wearable is claimed to offer up to 100 hours of battery life on a single charge. It could feature dual-frequency GPS and offer more than 100 sports modes. It is said to come with heart rate monitor, stress and sleep trackers. OnePlus Summer Launch Event 2024 is set to be held on July 16 in Milan, Italy. The grand launch event will see the debut of the OnePlus Watch 2R, Nord Buds 3 Pro, OnePlus Pad 2, and the OnePlus Nord 4. So, we can expect more leaks about their specifications in the coming days.   




title = "YouTube Music Spotted Testing AI-Generated Custom Radio Station Feature" ,  YouTube Music has been spotted testing a new artificial intelligence (AI) feature that will allow users to generate unique radios with the help of an experimental tool. The new feature works with text-based prompts, meaning users can describe what they want to listen to, and the AI generates a radio station with similar songs in it. Earlier users could only create a radio based on a song or an artist and get similar song recommendations. An earlier report claimed that YouTube is in talks with major record labels to use copyrighted songs to develop AI tools for its Music app. YouTube Music AI Radio Station Spotted in Testing Reddit user u/kater_pro spotted a new feature on YouTube Music that is marked as experimental. Describing the feature, the Redditor said that it allows users to write a prompt which creates instantly generates a custom radio station. This is the only known report about the feature to date, so it's currently unclear how widely it is being tested. YouTube Music rival Spotify recently released a similar feature dubbed Personalised Playlist for Premium users, which is currently in beta testing. Amazon has also released a similar feature dubbed Maestro in the US.  YouTube Music AI radio featurePhoto Credit: Reddit/kater_pro  An image shared by the Reddit user reveal that the feature has been marked as ‘experimental'. The text on the suggestion tells users to “Ask for music any way you like”. A second screenshot shows what appears to be an AI-generated radio station.  YouTube Music AI-generated radioPhoto Credit: Reddit/kater_pro  The feature also appears to include a playlist title along with a short description of the radio station. Multiple songs connected with the theme requested by the user are also included in the screenshot shared by the Redditor. At the bottom, several prompt suggestions for other music genres are also displayed. It is unclear whether they will be added as a secondary filter to the existing radio or if it will prompt the AI to generate a new radio. At the bottom, the Ask for Music feature, which was recently reported, can also be seen. YouTube May Bring a Sleep Timer to Its Android App


YouTube Music Could Get This AI-Powered Search Feature Soon


Unable to Recall a Song? YouTube Music’s New Feature Might Come in Handy Users who do not yet have access to this feature can still create a standard radio channel on YouTube Music by selecting a song or an artist. The algorithm then selects songs similar to the source. If the new feature exits the experimental phase, it could be rolled out to more beta testers, and eventually allow all YouTube Music users to create a radio station based on what they want to hear. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vi RedX Rs. 1,201 Postpaid Family Plan Introduced; Benefits Include Swiggy One, Multiple OTT Subscriptions" ,  Vodafone Idea (Vi) has introduced a new RedX postpaid plan, which now includes Netflix subscription as an additional benefit. It also includes access to four other popular OTT platforms among other benefits. Previously priced at Rs. 1,101, the refreshed plan now costs Rs. 1,201 per month — an increase of Rs. 100. Notably, this upgrade comes on the heels of the company's recent price hike of prepaid and postpaid recharge plans in India. Rival telecommunication firms Airtel and Reliance Jio also increased their tariffs in the country. Vi RedX Rs. 1,201 Postpaid Plan Introduced With OTT Benefits The telecom operator has confirmed that customers who are subscribed to the updated RedX postpaid plan will gain mobile as well as TV access to users for five OTT platforms, like Amazon Prime, Disney+ Hotstar, Sony Liv, and Sun NXT. With this Vi RedX postpaid plan, customers will also get a Swiggy One membership for six months at no additional cost. The subscription grants free food/Instamart deliveries on orders above Rs. 199 and even some discounts on Swiggy Genie bookings. Vodafone Idea Announces Prepaid, Postpaid Tariff Hikes to Match Rivals Vi RedX postpaid plan users will also be eligible for a complimentary seven-day international roaming pack worth Rs. 2,999 once a year alongside access to domestic as well as international airport lounges. This access is restricted to up to four times annually, including one-time international airport lounge access per year. Users are also said to be able to get EaseMyTrip discounts during flight bookings. Along with this refurbished Vi RedX plan, customers will also be able to enjoy Norton mobile security services, free for 12 months. They are also claimed to get a premium customer support experience. Jio Announces Price Hike for Prepaid, Postpaid Plans Starting July 3


Airtel Hikes Prices of Prepaid and Postpaid Plans by Up to 20 Percent Vi RedX Rs. 1,201 Postpaid Plan Availability The upgraded Vi RedX postpaid plan worth Rs. 1,201 is currently listed on Vi India's website. Users can also access this through the Vi Mobile app or offline Vi stores. The telecom operator has confirmed that there will be no exit fee required for people porting in from the old RedX plan to the new plan.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp Channel Verification Check Mark Updated From Green to Blue to Match Facebook, Instagram" ,  WhatsApp Channel verification check marks will soon be updated to a new colour on Android. The visual change was spotted by a feature tracker on a recent beta version of WhatsApp, which suggests that it will soon be rolled out to all users in future. It will make the check marks displayed inside the app resemble their counterparts on Instagram and Facebook, Meta's popular social networking apps. A post by feature tracker WABetaInfo states that a new blue checkmark already rolling out to testers who have downloaded the latest version of WhatsApp beta for Android. WhatsApp's updated colour scheme will improve uniformity across the company's apps, making it easier for users who are familiar with Facebook and Instagram to easily identify whether the entity they are engaging with is authentic. Valora Unveils Mobile Stack Web3 Apps Launchpad for iOS, Android Apps While the redesigned verification tick has currently been rolled out to WhatsApp's beta testers on Android, it could be rolled out to testers on iOS in the coming days or weeks. It will eventually arrive on the stable update channel for all platforms, including WhatsApp Web and WhatsApp Desktop. Meanwhile, Meta is reportedly testing AI integration with WhatsApp's messaging features. The Meta AI chatbot is designed to helps users edit text and generate replies to images. Basel Committee Approves Crypto Disclosure Framework for Banks The platform is also testing a video note mode for WhatsApp camera along with an ‘Imagine Me' feature to create personalised images via Meta AI.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Surface Laptop 7, Surface Pro 11 Price in India for All Variants Leaked Ahead of Debut" ,  Microsoft Surface Laptop 7 and Surface Pro 11, the company's consumer-focused devices with artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities, were unveiled in May and went on sale in select markets on June 18. At the time, India was not amongst the regions where these devices were introduced. A new leak has leaked the purported price of the Surface Laptop 7 and Surface Pro 11 in India, with prices well above the Rs. 1 lakh mark. These devices could soon make their debut in the country. Microsoft Surface Laptop 7 Price in India (Rumoured) A tipster posted these prices on X (formerly known as Twitter) claiming he sourced these details from a Chennai-based retailer. The post revealed prices for both Snapdragon X Plus and Snapdragon X Elite chipset-powered devices across different RAM and in-built storage configurations. According to the leaker, the base variant of the Surface Laptop 7 starts at Rs. 1,16,999 and the top model will be available for Rs. 1,83,999. The full breakdown of all the different Laptop 7 variants is shown in the table below. Device Name Model Number Configuration Colour Price (MSRP) Price (MRP)     Laptop 7 ZGJ-00023 Snapdragon X Plus/16GB/256GB/13.8-inch Platinum Rs. 1,13,990 Rs. 1,16,999   Laptop 7 ZGM-00059 Snapdragon X Plus/16GB/512GB/13.8-inch Graphite Rs. 1,31,990 Rs. 1,34,999   Laptop 7 ZGM-00023 Snapdragon X Plus/16GB/512GB/13.8-inch Platinum Rs. 1,31,990 Rs. 1,34,999   Laptop 7 ZGP-00059 Snapdragon X Elite/16GB/512GB/13.8-inch Graphite Rs. 1,50,990 Rs. 1,54,999   Laptop 7 ZGP-00023 Snapdragon X Elite/16GB/512GB/13.8-inch Platinum Rs. 1,50,990 Rs. 1,54,999   Laptop 7 ZXX-00059 Snapdragon X Elite/16GB/1TB/13.8-inch Graphite Rs. 1,70,990 Rs. 1,75,999   Laptop 7 ZGQ-00023 Snapdragon X Elite/32GB/1TB/13.8-inch Graphite Rs. 2,02,990 Rs. 2,07,999   Laptop 7 ZHG-00023 Snapdragon X Elite/16GB/256GB/15-inch Platinum Rs. 1,39,990 Rs. 1,42,999   Laptop 7 ZHH-00048 Snapdragon X Elite/16GB/512GB/15-inch Graphite Rs. 1,59,990 Rs. 1,63,999   Laptop 7 ZYT-00048 Snapdragon X Elite/16GB/1TB/15-inch Graphite Rs. 1,78,990 Rs. 1,83,999 Notably, the global variant of the new Surface Laptop 7 is available in two display variants of 13.5-inch and 15-inch. Both are IPS LCD panels with touch support and are protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 5. The device offers 120Hz refresh rate, HDR support, and Dolby Vision IQ. It also features a neural processing unit (NPU) for AI tasks. Microsoft Surface Pro 11 Price in India (Rumoured) The tipster claims that the Microsoft Surface Pro 11 will start at the price of Rs. 1,16,999 for the Snapdragon X Plus chipset variant paired with 16GB RAM and 256GB of inbuilt storage. The top model with Snapdragon X Elite chipset with 32GB RAM and 1TB inbuilt storage is tipped to be priced at Rs. 2,37,999. The full breakdown of different variants is given blow. Copilot Will Soon Be Able to Send Text Messages Remotely via Your Phone


AI Deals Between Microsoft and OpenAI, Google and Samsung, Under EU Scanner


Microsoft’s Cancelled Surface Duo 3 Could Have Looked Like This Device Name Model Number Configuration Colour Price (MSRP) Price (MRP)     Pro 11 ZHX-00014 Snapdragon X Plus/16GB/256GB/13.8-inch Platinum Rs. 1,13,990 Rs. 1,16,999   Pro 11 ZHY-00032 Snapdragon X Plus/16GB/512GB/13.8-inch Black Rs. 1,31,990 Rs. 1,34,999   Pro 11 ZHY-00014 Snapdragon X Plus/16GB/512GB/13.8-inch Platinum Rs. 1,31,990 Rs. 1,34,999   Pro 11 ZIA-00031 Snapdragon X Elite/16GB/512GB/13.8-inch Black Rs. 1,61,990 Rs. 1,65,999   Pro 11 ZIA-00014 Snapdragon X Elite/16GB/512GB/13.8-inch Platinum Rs. 1,61,990 Rs. 1,65,999   Pro 11 ZIB-00031 Snapdragon X Elite/16GB/1TB/13.8-inch Black Rs. 1,80,990 Rs. 1,85,999   Pro 11 ZID-00014 Snapdragon X Elite/32GB/1TB /13.8-inch Platinum Rs. 2,32,990 Rs. 2,37,999 The global variant of the Microsoft Surface Pro 11, a 2-in-1 PC, features a 13.8-inch display with options in both LCD and OLED screens with a 120Hz refresh rate. Video and audio calling on the Surface Pro has also been upgraded with the addition of a front-facing webcam with a 114-degree ultrawide 1440p sensor. The webcam supports AI-powered Windows Studio Effects. There is also a dedicated Copilot button next to the spacebar. It supports up to 65W fast charging. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo Y28s, Vivo Y28e With Dimensity 6100+ 5G SoC, 5,000mAh Batteries Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Vivo Y28s and Vivo Y28e have been launched in India as the latest budget 5G smartphones from Vivo. New Vivo Y28 series phones run on MediaTek Dimensity 6100+ 5G SoCs paired with up to 8GB of RAM, and feature 6.56-inch LCD screens with 90Hz refresh rate. The Vivo Y28s and Y28e house a 5,000mAh battery and have an IP64-rated build for dust and water resistance. Both phones have dual rear camera units. The Vivo Y28s comes with a 50-megapixel Sony IMX852 primary sensor, while the Vivo Y28e has a 13-megapixel main camera. Vivo Y28s, Vivo Y28e price in India Price of Vivo Y28s is set at Rs. 13,999 for the 4GB RAM + 128GB storage version and Rs. 15,499 for the 6GB RAM + 128GB storage variant. The 8GB RAM + 128GB version is priced at Rs. 16,999. It is offered in Vintage Red and Twinkling Purple colourways. The Vivo Y28e, on the other hand, is priced at Rs. 10,999 for the 4GB RAM + 64GB storage variant and Rs. 11,999 for the 4GB RAM + 128GB storage variant. It is launched in Breeze Green and Vintage Red colourways. Both phones are confirmed to be available for purchase through Flipkart, Vivo India e-Store, and all major retail stores starting today. Vivo Y58 5G With 6,000mAh Battery Launched in India at This Price Vivo Y28s, Vivo Y28e specifications The dual-SIM (Nano) enabled Vivo Y28s and Vivo Y28e run on Funtouch OS 14 based on Android 14 and feature a 6.56-inch LCD screen with 90Hz refresh rate and 840nits peak brightness and TUV Rheinland Low Blue Light certification. The former has an HD+ resolution screen while the latter is equipped with an HD display. They are powered by a 6nm octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 6100 5G processor with up to 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM on the Y28s. This onboard memory can be expanded up to 16GB. For optics, the Vivo Y28s has a dual rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel Sony IMX852 primary sensor. On the front, it carries a 5-megapixel portrait camera for selfies and video calls. The Vivo Y28e's camera unit includes a 13-megapixel main sensor. It has a 5-megapixel selfie shooter as well. Both phones support Super Night camera mode and Multi-style portrait mode for shooting in low-light and bright-light conditions. Connectivity options on the Vivo Y28s and Vivo Y28e include 5G, Bluetooth 5.4, GPS, Wi-Fi and USB Type-C port. Sensors onboard include an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, e-compass, motor and proximity sensor. The Vivo Y28s features a side-mounted fingerprint scanner for authentication. They have an IP64-rated build for dust and water resistance. Vivo X Fold 3 Pro Debuts as Vivo's First Foldable in India: See Price The Vivo Y28s and Vivo Y28e feature a 5,000mAh battery with 15W fast charging. Vivo is promising four years of battery health for the new phones. They measure 8.38mm in thickness. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Motorola Edge 50 Pro Vanilla Cream Colour Option Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Motorola Edge 50 Pro is now available in a new colour option in India. The handset was launched in the country in April, and was sold in Black Beauty, Luxe Lavender, and Moonlight Pearl colourways. The new colour variant of Motorola Edge 50 Pro shares the same specifications as the handset that was previously launched by the firm. It runs on a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 chipset and features a 1.5K pOLED curved display with 144Hz refresh rate. The Motorola Edge 50 Pro has a 50-megapixel triple rear camera unit and houses a 4,500mAh battery with up to 125W wired fast charging support. As mentioned, the new colour variant joins the Black Beauty, Luxe Lavender, and Moonlight Pearl colour options that have already been available in the country since the phone was launched in April. The Vanilla Cream version is already on sale in India via Flipkart and the Motorola India website. It is priced at Rs. 31,999 for the 8GB RAM + 256GB storage model, while the 12GB RAM + 256GB storage variant is priced at Rs. 35,999. Motorola Razr 50 Ultra With 4-Inch Outer Screen, IPX8 Rating Debuts in India Motorola Edge 50 Pro specifications The Motorola Edge 50 Pro runs on Android 14-based Hello UI and features a 6.7-inch 1.5K pOLED curved display with a 144Hz refresh rate, 2,000 nits of peak brightness and HDR10+ support. It is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC paired with up to 12GB of RAM and 256GB of onboard storage. For optics, the Motorola Edge 50 Pro has a triple rear camera unit, comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support, a 13-megapixel ultra-wide-angle sensor, and a 10-megapixel telephoto shooter with 3x optical zoom and OIS support. For selfies, it boasts a 50-megapixel front camera. The Motorola Edge 50 Pro packs a 4,500mAh battery with support for up to 125W wired and 50W wireless TurboPower charging. The 12GB RAM comes bundled with a 125W charger, while the 8GB RAM option ships with a 68W charger. It has an IP68-rated build for dust and water resistance. Motorola Edge 50 Spotted on BIS Website, May Debut in India Soon   




title = "Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Confirmed to Launch in July; Xiaomi Mix Flip to Follow" ,  Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 has long been tipped to launch soon as a successor to the Mix Fold 3, which was unveiled in China in August 2023. The anticipated book-style foldable handset has been expected to be introduced alongside the company's first clamshell foldable — the Xiaomi Mix Flip. After weeks of unofficial leaks and reports, the phones are now confirmed to arrive in the markets soon. Both foldable smartphones will launch later this month, a senior company executive has announced. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, Mix Flip launch The Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 and the Xiaomi Mix Flip will be introduced later this month, the company announced in a Weibo post, suggesting a China launch. Xiaomi founder and CEO Lei Jun (@leijun) also shared an English version of the promotional poster on X, suggesting an imminent global launch. Notably, the previous Xiaomi foldable handsets have not launched outside China. The next-generation Xiaomi Smart Factory in Changping, Beijing is now in operation. We've invested RMB2.4 billion into this 81,000sqm facility, capable of producing 10 million flagship phones a year. This is also where the new Xiaomi MIX Fold 4 and MIX Flip will be manufactured.… pic.twitter.com/oPcjpGbFNf— Lei Jun (@leijun) July 8, 2024 The company executive claimed that the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 and Mix Flip will be manufactured at a "next-generation" Xiaomi Smart Factory in Changping, Beijing, which is an 81,000 sqm facility, with the capacity to produce 10 million phones a year. Jun did not reveal any other details about the upcoming launches. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4, Mix Flip features (expected) The Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 has previously been tipped to launch as a Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 competitor. It could be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC and feature a Leica Summilux-backed 50-megapixel main camera sensor. The handset is also expected to come with an IPX8-rated build for water resistance. The phone may pack a 5,000mAh battery with support for wireless charging. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Probably Won’t Launch Globally; Might Get a Thin Body


Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Design, Specifications Leak Ahead of Anticipated Debut


Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Could Debut With These Noteworthy Upgrades Meanwhile, the Xiaomi Mix Flip is also likely to get a similar chipset as the Mix Fold 4. It has been tipped to sport a 1.5K resolution display and a 4,900mAh battery with 67W wired fast charging support. For optics, the clamshell foldable is tipped to carry a dual rear camera unit which is expected to include a 50-megapixel OV50E main sensor and a 60-megapixel OV60A secondary sensor with 2x optical zoom. The front camera of the handset will likely be a 32-megapixel sensor.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Watch Series 10 to Sport Larger Screen; Cheaper Watch SE Model May Arrive With Plastic Body: Mark Gurman" ,  Apple Watch Series 10 might feature a display that is much larger than the company's current generation model, according to Bloomberg's Mark Gurman. The smartwatch is expected to debut later this year as the successor to the Series 9 model that was unveiled in in 2023, and might not arrive with previously reported changes, such as the purported magnetic watch strap mechanism. Meanwhile, a new Apple Watch SE with a plastic body is said to be in the works as the company looks to compete with Samsung's new Galaxy Watch FE model. Apple Watch Series 10 to Sport Larger Screen, Faster Processor In the latest edition of his weekly Power On newsletter, Gurman states that the Apple Watch Series 10 will arrive with a bigger screen than the Series 9 model. It is expected to arrive in two size options, codenamed N217 and N218, and one of them is said to feature the larger display. The Cupertino company's largest smartwatch model — the Apple Watch Ultra 2 — is available in a single a 49mm size option and features a 1.92-inch display. It is currently unclear whether the Apple Watch Series 10 will arrive with a display that is larger than the Watch Ultra 2 — recently leaked CAD renders suggest the Series 10 model could feature a 2-inch screen. Apple May Be Working on a Slimmer iPhone 17, MacBook Pro and Apple Watch The Apple Watch Series 10 will also be equipped with the same processor that powers the third-generation Apple Watch Ultra model, according to Gurman. While Apple Intelligence features are not expected to make their way to the company's smartwatches in the near future, he states that the new chip will "lay the groundwork" for artificial intelligence-powered features "down the road". Health Features on Apple Watch Series 10 Despite making headway with features like sleep apnea detection and blood pressure monitoring, they are unlikely to arrive with the Apple Watch Series 10 models, according to Gurman, who says that the company encountered "some serious snags". It is also currently unclear how Apple will support the sleep apnea feature in the US, as it is tied to the blood oxygen saturation (SpO2) monitoring feature that was disabled due to an ongoing ban. Similarly, the hypertension detection feature did not prove to be as reliable as the company would have liked during testing, which means that it might not be available on the device when it is launched later this year. Instead, Gurman says that the company could "postpone the release beyond this year" and display blood pressure trends (similar to body temperature monitoring) instead of precise readings. Apple Watch to Gain Automatic Sleep Tracking Support With watchOS 11 Apple Watch SE Could Feature Plastic Body to Cut Costs In order to compete with the recently launched Samsung Galaxy Watch FE, which starts at $199 (roughly Rs. 16,600), the iPhone maker is reportedly developing a new Apple Watch SE model that will use a plastic body, instead of aluminium. Apple last launched an updated version of its Watch SE model in 2022, and a third-generation model could make its debut later this year. However, it is currently unclear whether the switch to a new material for the smartwatch chassis will result in a lower price, though more details about the purported device could emerge in the coming weeks ahead of its anticipated debut. Samsung Galaxy Watch X Could Launch Soon, Compete With This Apple Watch


Apple Watch X Said to Feature New Design That Could Make It Thinner


Apple Is Working on a Drowning Alert Feature for Apple Watch 




title = "Valora Launches Mobile Stack Web3 Launchpad for iOS, Android Apps" ,  Valora, a peer-to-peer payments platform is the latest firm that is attempting to foray into the Web3-focused class of smartphones. As the trend of fusing smartphone apps with Web3 technology appears to be on the rise, the US-based firm has announced a new service called ‘Mobile Stack', that will act as a launchpad for Web3 apps to run as smoothly as possible on smartphones. Valora says it can help Web3 service providers create and offer interactive apps with one-tap email-based customer onboarding process just 'in minutes'. Velora's web3 ambitions Jackie Bona, Co-Founder and CEO at Valora, confirmed the development over the weekend through a post on X. The 45-second long clip, explained how Valora's Mobile Stack would allow people to instantly create decentralised apps (dApps). The stack will also offer onramp services to purchase crypto via fiat currencies to navigate within the ecosystems of these dApps. Furthermore, Mobile Stack will also facilitate easy swipe for crypto tokens. Crypto Airdrops Spur Use of Web3 Wallets, DeFi Growth Slows: Report "I'm excited to introduce a project that the Valora team has been working on called Mobile Stack. I see a tremendous opportunity to provide exceptional user experiences via mobile that bring consumers around the world into web3," Bona stated, re-sharing a video showing how the Mobile Stack system would work. The official website of Mobile Stack states that only eight of the top hundred Web3 firms offer mobile-based experiences, which Valora analysed ahead of the launch of its Mobile Stack platform. The company reportedly describes the present ways to make Web3 apps compatible with smartphones as 'cumbersome'. South Korea Initiates Crackdown on Unusual Crypto Activities About web3 fusing with smartphones In recent years, the concept of Web3-integrated phone devices has caught the attention of industry players. Binance-backed CoralApp recently unveiled its flagship smartphone called the Coral Phone, which will be packed with Web3 capabilities. In May, Africa-based tech firm Jambo unveiled its JamboPhone which supports multiple Web3 functionalities. Solana Labs was the first major Web3 firm that had brought smartphone and Web3 together in 2022 through its Solana Saga smartphone. Despite these advancements, the Web3 sector finds itself far from completing its merger with smartphones. As per the official blog by Mobile Stack, this issue is due to substantial challenges that face building secure and comprehensive crypto mobile applications. "Creating an intuitive user interface for such complex functionalities has been even more challenging. Without a straightforward method to design user-friendly interfaces that can effectively manage these multifaceted requirements, Web3 will miss every opportunity to bring new users into the Onchain ecosystem," the post noted.




title = "Figma Takes Down AI Tool After It Creates App Mock-Ups That Eerily Resemble iOS Weather App" ,  Figma launched a new interface and several new artificial intelligence (AI) tools on June 26, in its third significant redesign since its inception. However, soon after the launch, one of the AI tools, dubbed Make Design, which can conjure app mock-ups from textual prompts, received flak online. Several netizens claimed that the AI-generated app mock-ups appeared eerily similar to the iOS apps. The company responded to the criticisms by taking down the AI tool and the company CEO Dylan Field has responded to the allegations. The Issue With Figma's Make Design AI Tool The Make Design tool, as per the company, is an AI-powered feature that enables users to add a text prompt and generate user-interface layouts and component options complete with an app mock-up. The tool was designed to help users get a rough design of the app before they can fine-tune it as per their preference and use case. Figma AI looks rather heavily trained on existing apps.This is a "weather app" using the new Make Designs feature and the results are basically Apple's Weather app (left). Tried three times, same results. https://t.co/Ij20OpPCer pic.twitter.com/psFTV6daVD— Andy Allen (@asallen) July 1, 2024 However, in a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), Andy Allen, the Co-Founder and CEO of Not Boring Software, claimed that the Figma tool was generating mock-ups of apps that closely resembled existing apps. In one instance, the requested weather app design appeared very similar to the iOS Weather app. Figma CEO Responds to the Allegations, Takes Down Make Design In response, the website and app builder took down the AI tool. CEO Field also posted a series of posts on X to address the issue as well as to respond to the allegations. Claiming, “the accusations around data training in this tweet are false,” to Allen's post, he highlighted that the company had mentioned before that the AI tool was not trained on Figma content, community files, or app designs. Instead, the company commissioned third-party AI models and design systems. WhatsApp's New Feature Reportedly Allows Meta AI to Edit and Reply to Images According to him, the main issue was the low variability of the Make Design tool, which was caused by using an off-the-shelf large language model (LLM). Acknowledging his fault in not running quality analysis (QA) tests of the feature properly before release, he added that the feature was temporarily disabled. “We will re-enable it when we have completed a full QA pass on the underlying design system,” Field added. In simple words, the Figma CEO claimed that the issues with the generation occurred because the company did not have the knowledge of where the training data came from. The company outsourced both the AI models and the data from design systems. Moshi AI Voice Assistant Launched by Kyutai Labs as GPT-4o Rival


Elon Musk Confirms xAI’s Grok-2 AI Model Will Be Launched Next Month For now, the Make Designs AI tool is not available to Figma users. The company will likely run a full-scale QA pass on the system to identify whether the training data of the design systems or pre-training data of the AI model was configured using existing app designs. If this turns out to be the case, users might have to wait a long time before Figma can fix these foundational issues. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Motorola Edge 50 Spotted on BIS Website, Hints at Imminent Launch in India: Report" ,  Motorola Edge 50 Pro, Edge 50 Ultra and Edge 50 Fusion have been launched in India in recent months and details of the arrival of the standard Motorola Edge 50 model have now started to surface online. The handset could soon launch in India soon as it has reportedly been spotted on the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) website. The Motorola Edge 50 is expected to come as a successor to last year's Motorola Edge 40. It is likely to be equipped with a 5,000mAh battery with support for 68W charging. Motorola Edge 50 surfaces on BIS website MySmartPrice spotted a listing for the Motorola Edge 50 on the BIS website with model number XT2407-3. The listing for the phone was published on Monday, and indicates that the launch is likely to take place in the coming weeks or months. However, Motorola has yet to officially announce details about the handset. The US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) website also has entries for the same XT2407-3 model number. The listing shows that the phone will offer 5G, Bluetooth, GPS, NFC and Wi-Fi 6 connectivity. It is also expected to pack a 5,000mAh battery with support for 68W fast charging. Motorola Razr 50 Ultra With 4-Inch Outer Screen, IPX8 Rating Debuts in India The Motorola Edge 50 is likely to join the Motorola Edge 50 Pro, Edge 50 Ultra and Edge 50 Fusion models that have already been launched in the country. It is expected to feature upgrades over last year's Motorola Edge 40 handset. Motorola Edge 40 price, specifications Motorola Edge 40 is currently up for sale for Rs. 29,999 for the sole 8GB RAM + 256GB storage option. It has a 6.55-inch full-HD+ (1,080 x 2,400 pixels) pOLED display with 144Hz refresh rate and runs on an octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 8020 5G chipset with 8GB of LPDDR4x RAM and 256GB of USF 3.1 inbuilt storage. It boasts a dual rear camera unit, led by a 50-megapixel primary sensor and features a 32-megapixel selfie camera. The Motorola Edge 40 is backed by a 4,400mAh battery with 68W TurboPower wired charging and 15W wireless charging support. Moto S50 Neo With Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC Launched at This Price    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Snapdragon X Series Chips Reportedly Outperform Some Apple, Intel and AMD Processors in Benchmark Tests" ,  Snapdragon has become the latest entrant in the PC processor space with its Snapdragon X series chipsets. The company's integrated SoC in computers is now a necessary classifier to have a device be labelled Copilot+ PCs, which is another Microsoft-given terminology for AI PCs. However, these are just marketing nomenclature, that do not have a lot to do with the overall performance of the chipsets. A new report has now conducted benchmark tests for the Snapdragon X series chipsets to find how they fare against the chips by Apple, Intel, and AMD. Snapdragon X Series Chips Reportedly Outperform Apple's M3 Chipset Extensive benchmark tests conducted by The Verge show that the Snapdragon X Elite chipsets are 2-3 percent faster in single-core performance than Apple's M2 Max chips that powered the company's 2023 MacBook Pro model. These benchmark tests were conducted on Geekbench 6 and Cinebench 2024 as they work across all of the company's processors, as per the publication. The Snapdragon SoC was also reportedly outperformed Intel's Core Ultra 7 155H and the AMD Ryzen 7 8845HS processors by 24 and 17 percent, respectively. However, when compared to the Apple M3 chipsets, the Cupertino-based tech giant is said to be leading the race in The Verge's single-core benchmark tests. MSI Crosshair 16 HX Monster Hunter Edition, MSI Claw Go on Sale in India The Snapdragon X series chipsets fared significantly well in CPU multi-core performance benchmark, according to the publication. However, Apple's M2 Max and M3 Max were able to outperform them, thanks to a higher number of cores (Apple's M3 Max has 16 cores vs up to 12 cores on its Snapdragon X series counterpart). On the other hand, the Apple M2 Max chipset with 12 cores reportedly offered marginally faster performance compared to the highest-tier Snapdragon X Elite chips in the Cinebench 2024 benchmark test. GPU Performance of Snapdragon X Elite Series Said to Lag Behind Rivals GPU performance is an important consideration if users plan to run games or apps that are resource intensive. As per the report, this is one area where the Snapdragon X series chipsets fall behind their Apple, Intel and AMD counterparts. Honor Magic V3, Magic Vs3, MagicPad 2 and More Set to Launch on This Date In the Geekbench 6 GPU (OpenCL) benchmark testing, the publication found the highest score for Snapdragon X Elite chips with Qualcomm Adreno GPU to be 24,004 points in the Samsung Galaxy Book 4 Edge. On the other hand, the AMD Radeon 780M GPU in the Acer Swift Go 14 AMD scored 29,199 and the Intel Arc GPU in the MSI Prestige 16 Evo scored 34,528. The leader in this category was the Apple M3 Max in the late 2023 MacBook Pro 16 with a score of 91,480. Snapdragon X Series Could Offer Competitive Battery Life Battery life is another important metric for chipset performance. This is the test of the overall optimisation of the SoC in the device. The publication found that Snapdragon-powered laptops, on average, offered between 14 to 16 hours of battery backup. However, none could reach the 18-hour mark offered by the M3 MacBook Air. Apple Begins Working on iOS 19, Gives It the Codename Luck: Report Interestingly, AMD and Intel fared even worse than Snapdragon in this area. The only exception reportedly was the Intel-powered Samsung Galaxy Book 4 Ultra which was able to run for slightly longer than 14 hours on a single battery charge. Based on these metrics, it can be said that while the Snapdragon X series chipsets are not clear winners in benchmark tests, they still offer higher CPU, GPU performance and battery life than previous Arm-based Windows laptops. Notably, Snapdragon-powered laptops in the US are comparatively cheaper than the ones by Apple, Intel, and AMD, but we do not know how much these laptops will cost in India. In a recent conversation with Gadgets 360, Don McGuire, the Chief Marketing Officer at Qualcomm said, “We worked closely with Microsoft for the last three to four years to build the Snapdragon X series chipsets. The new chipsets deliver high performance across CPU, GPU, and NPU. These [Snapdragon chipset-powered] AI PCs will be able to offer better videoconferencing capabilities, overall performance, battery life, and AI performance.” .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Phone 1 With MediaTek Dimensity 7300 SoC, Interchangeable Back Cover Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  CMF Phone 1, the first smartphone from the Nothing sub-brand finally unveiled in India on Monday (July 8). The latest offering by CMF by Nothing comes with an interchangeable back cover and a unique design that enables users to attach proprietary accessories such as lanyards. It runs on MediaTek Dimensity 7300 5G SoC. The CMF Phone 1 features an AMOLED display with 120Hz adaptive refresh rate and flaunts a dual 50-megapixel camera unit at the rear. It has an IP52-rated build and is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for both wired and reverse charging. CMF Phone 1 price in India, availability CMF Phone 1 price in India starts at Rs. 15,999 for the base 6GB + 128GB RAM and storage model. The phone is also available in an 8GB + 128GB variant that is priced at Rs. 17,999. It is offered in Black, Blue, Light Green and Orange colour options and will go on sale via Flipkart on July 12 at 12:00pm IST as well as the CMF India website and retail partners. CMF Phone 1 First Impressions  CMF Phone 1 in Black and Orange colourways  As part of an introductory offer, the CMF Phone 1 can be purchased at Rs. 14,999 for the base variant and Rs. 16,999 for the top-end model with special bank offers. The handset comes with different accessories including a case priced at Rs. 1,499 and a stand priced at Rs. 799. It can be bundled with a lanyard cable for Rs. 799 and a card case for Rs. 799. CMF Student Referral Program Launches in India: How to Register, Benefits Limited units of the CMF Phone 1 will be available for sale on July 9 at Lulu Mall in Bengaluru from 7:00pm IST. The first 100 customers to buy the phone will get CMF Buds free. CMF Phone 1 specifications, features The dual-SIM (Nano) CMF Phone 1 runs Android 14-based Nothing OS 2.6 and it is confirmed to receive two years of major Android updates and three years of security patches. It sports a 6.7-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,400 pixels) AMOLED LTPS display with up to 120Hz adaptive refresh rate, 395ppi pixel density, 240Hz touch sampling rate and 2000 nits peak brightness. It runs on an octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 7300 5G processor paired with up to 8GB of RAM. With the RAM Booster feature, the available memory on the CMF Phone 1 can be virtually 'expanded' up to 16GB. Nothing Phone 2a Special Edition With Red, Yellow, Blue Accents Launched For optics, the CMF Phone 1 is equipped with a 50-megapixel primary camera with an unspecified Sony sensor, along with support for electronic image stabilisation (EIS) and a portrait sensor with 2x zoom. On the front, the smartphone features a 16-megapixel selfie camera. The CMF Phone 1 offers up to 256GB of inbuilt storage that supports expansion of up to 2TB. Connectivity options on the smartphone include 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.3, and USB Type-C port. It has an optical in-display fingerprint sensor for authentication. It has an IP52 rating for dust and splash resistance. The company has equipped its first smartphone with a 5,000mAh battery that supports 33W fast charging and 5W reverse wired charging. The handset is claimed to offer up to two days of battery life on a single charge. It can be charged up to 50 percent within 20 minutes, according to the company. It measures 164x8x77mm and weighs 197g. The vegan leather variant has 9mm thickness and weighs 202 grams. The CMF Phone 1 features support for interchangeable covers in different colour options, materials and finishes. Users can swap the back case and add custom attachable accessories to create personalised looks. The Blue and Orange rear panels feature a vegan leather layer that slightly increases the weight of the handset.   




title = "CMF Buds Pro 2 With Smart Dial, Up to 43 Hours Battery Life Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  CMF Buds Pro 2 was launched in India on Monday alongside the CMF Phone 1 and the CMF Watch Pro 2. The CMF Buds Pro 2 true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones are equipped with a dual-driver system with an 11mm bass driver and a 6mm micro planar tweeter. They come with Hi-Res Audio Wireless certification and offer Dirac Opteo-backed sound. They also support up to 50dB hybrid active noise cancellation (ANC) and are claimed to offer a total battery life of up to 43 hours. CMF Buds Pro 2 price in India, availability The CMF Buds Pro 2 is priced in India at Rs. 4,299 and will be available for purchase in the country starting 12pm IST on July 12 via Flipkart. The company notes that anyone who purchases the Buds Pro 2 alongside a CMF Phone 1 via the e-commerce site, will be eligible for a Rs. 1,000 discount. These earphones are available in Blue, Dark Grey, Light Grey and Orange shades. CMF Buds Pro 2 specifications, features The CMF Buds Pro 2 sport dual drivers on each earbud, which includes an 11mm bass driver and a 6mm micro planar tweeter. The earphones support up to 50dB hybrid active noise cancellation (ANC) in three modes - transparency, adaptive and smart. Each earbuds have three microphones, and they are backed by environmental noise cancellation (ENC) features to assist clearer calls. CMF Phone 1 With Customisable Rear Panel, Dimensity 7300 Launched in India The Dirac Opteo-backed TWS earphones support Bluetooth codec and Spatial audio effects alongside EQ customisation through the Nothing X application. The ChatGPT integration in the application allows users to connect to the AI bot directly from CMF or Nothing phones using the earphones. The Smart Dial on the charging case can be used to manage volume as well as noise cancellation modes and more. CMF Phone 1 First Impressions CMF Buds Pro 2 are claimed to offer a total playback time of up to 43 hours, including the charging case. The earbuds are equipped with 60mAh batteries each, while the storage and charging case carries a 460mAh battery. The case along with the earphones is claimed to charge completely in 70 minutes using a USB Type-C port. The earphones also support Bluetooth 5.3 connectivity. These TWS earbuds each weigh 4.9g; together with the case, they weigh 55.8g.   Will the Nothing Phone 2 serve as the successor to the Phone 1, or will the two co-exist? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Ring Price in France Reportedly Leaked; May Cost the Same as Galaxy Watch 6 Classic" ,  Samsung Galaxy Ring was unveiled at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2024 in February. However, it isn't yet available to the public. The South Korean tech giant is tipped to launch it globally at its Galaxy Unpacked event on July 10. Ahead of its official debut, a report suggests that the smart ring may cost as much as the Galaxy Watch 6 Classic in France. This development comes days after it was reported that the Galaxy Ring may include health features such as temperature measurement via skin and snore detection. Samsung Galaxy Ring Price (Expected) According to a report by Dealabs, the Samsung Galaxy Ring could be priced at EUR 449 (roughly Rs. 40,000) in France. If true, it would put it on par with the Galaxy Watch 6 Classic 47mm Bluetooth variant, which is priced similarly in the region. However, it is tipped to be available in India and in the US at lower prices. According to a tipster, it could cost Rs. 35,000 in India. On the other hand, the smart wearable could be priced between $300-$350 (roughly Rs. 25,000 to Rs. 30,000) in the US. Samsung Could Bring Camera Fixes to Galaxy S24 Ultra With New Update This pricing would potentially mean that Samsung's smart ring may become more expensive than some of the other smart rings in the market, such as the Oura Ring 3, which starts at $299 (roughly Rs. 25,000) and the Evie Ring, which costs $269 (roughly Rs. 22,000). It would also put it on par with the Ultrahuman Ring AIR, which is priced at $349 (roughly Rs. 29,000), although only the latter is available for purchase in the Indian market. Samsung Galaxy Ring Features (Expected) Samsung Galaxy Ring is reported to bring several health monitoring features. It would include temperature measurement of the body via skin. Users will reportedly also be able to measure their stress and heart rate. The smart ring is speculated to work in tandem with the Samsung Health app to enable features such as snore detection. Samsung's Galaxy AI Could Soon Power Live Translations for WhatsApp Calls


Samsung Galaxy Ring May Allow Users to Measure Temperature via Skin It is expected to be available in nine sizes, ranging from size 5-12, and in three colourways: black, golden and silver. In terms of design, the Galaxy Ring is speculated to come in a jewellery box-shaped case with flat edges. The case itself may have a raised circular section in the middle with charging pins that will hold the smart ring in place when plugged in. It could also reportedly have an LED indicator to show its battery and charging status. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Watch Pro 2 With 1.32-Inch AMOLED Screen, Interchangeable Bezels Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  CMF Watch Pro 2 has been launched in India alongside the CMF Phone 1 and the CMF Buds Pro 2. The smartwatch is equipped with interchangeable bezels and straps. It sports a 1.32-inch AMOLED always-on display and has more than 100 pre-installed watch faces. It also supports Bluetooth calling, more than 120 sports modes, heart rate and blood oxygen level sensors and menstrual cycle tracking among other things. It is claimed to offer a battery life of up to 11 days. CMF Watch Pro 2 price in India, availability The CMF Watch Pro 2 starts in India at Rs. 4,999 for the Ash Grey and Dark Grey colour options. The Blue and Orange vegan leather finishes, on the other hand, are both priced at Rs. 5,499. At an additional cost of Rs. 749, people can also get an extra set of bezels and straps. The CMF Watch Pro 2 will go on sale in India at 12pm IST on June 12 via Flipkart. The company noted in a press release that customers buying the CMF Phone 1 via the e-commerce site alongside the Watch Pro 2 will get a Rs. 1,000 discount. CMF Phone 1 Roundup: Here's Everything You Need to Know The CMF Watch Pro 2 comes in four colour options — Ash Grey, Blue, Dark Grey and Orange. CMF Watch Pro 2 specifications, features The CMF Watch Pro 2 sports a 1.32-inch AMOLED always-on-display with a 466 x 466 resolution, a 60Hz refresh rate, 620 nits of peak brightness and a pixel density of 353 ppi. The smartwatch helps monitor heart rate, blood oxygen saturation and menstrual cycle trackers. This watch comes with more than 100 watch faces and more than 120 preset sports modes. The data from the CMF Watch Pro 2 is synchronised with the CMF Watch App. The smartwatch also comes with interchangeable bezels and straps, which will allow users to customise the look. It also supports Bluetooth 5.3, GPS, GLONASS, Galileo, QZSS and Beidou connectivity. Users can avail of the Bluetooth calling feature on the watch to make and receive calls. CMF Phone 1 to Come With Customisable Back Panel; Design, Colours Revealed


CMF Watch Pro 2 and Buds Pro 2 Specifications Leaked Ahead of Launch The CMF Watch Pro 2 is backed by a 305mAh battery, which is claimed to offer a battery life of up to 11 days on typical use. The watch also comes with an IP68 rating for dust and splash resistance. The grey variants measure 25.5 x 4.5 x 1.36cm in size and weigh 48.1g, while the vegan leather options measure 1.39cm in thickness and weigh 44.4g.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra Tipped to Get New Update With Major Improvements to Camera" ,  Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra will soon receive a new software update that will bring improvements to various camera features, according to a tipster. Since the smartphone's launch in January, buyers have reported several problems, including shutter lag and motion blur issues plaguing the camera. Although Samsung has rolled out several One UI updates for the handset since then, the most notable of which arrived in April – which included user experience enhancements, there is no official word on the camera fixes, but that is said to change soon. Samsung Galaxy S24 Camera Update In a post on X (formerly Twitter), tipster Ice Universe claimed that Samsung will soon commence the rollout of the August update for the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra. It is tipped to bring fixes for issues related to white balance optimisation, HDR optimisation, overprocessing of images and video zoom. The August update of Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra is about to be launched, and the camera has been improved a lotThis includes white balance optimization, HDR optimization, over-processing optimization, overexposure optimization, face optimization and video zoom optimization.…— ICE UNIVERSE (@UniverseIce) July 6, 2024 However, it will not include optimisation for telephoto and night-mode images captured above the 10x optical zoom, as per the tipster. This is in relation to the issue that causes shots taken at 9.9X magnification to look better compared to those taken at 10X that have more noise. The update was first hinted at by the same tipster in May, with claims that the One UI 6.1.1 update for the Galaxy S24 Ultra would bring camera improvements. At the time, it was suggested that the update was still in its early stages, and it would undergo testing before its public rollout. Notably, Samsung has been speculated to introduce the update with its Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Flip 6 smartphones that will be launched at the Galaxy Unpacked event on July 10. Amazon Prime Day: Galaxy M35, iQoo Z9 Lite and More New Phones to Launch


OnePlus Pad 2 Specifications Leaked; Tipped to Launch in India


Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Key Specifications Leaked Again Ahead of Launch Other Updates In the last few months, Samsung has introduced features powered by Galaxy AI – its suite of artificial intelligence (AI) features – to other smartphones too. These include Circle to Search, Live Call Translate, Chat Assist, Note Assist and Generative Edit. However, not all of them have made their way to Samsung's older handsets, possibly due to hardware constraints. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Bitcoin, Ether Prices Drop Under Macroeconomic Pressure as Values of Most Digital Currencies Fall" ,  Bitcoin price dropped to $55,160 (roughly Rs. 46 lakh) on international exchanges like CoinMarketCap on Monday, months after it hit an all-time high of $73,750 (roughly Rs. 61.5 lakh). On foreign exchanges, BTC slipped by 4.09 percent in its price in the last 24 hours, while on Indian exchanges like BuyUCoin, CoinDCX and WazirX, the value of BTC is currently volatile and ranging between $55,000 (roughly Rs. 45 lakh) to $61,740 (roughly Rs. 51 lakh). The sector has seen some upheaval after months of stagnation, with regard to the prices of digital currencies. The price of Ether also fell on Monday — like the world's most popular digital asset — due to the ongoing market pressure. It was trading at $3,448 (roughly Rs. 2.87 lakh) last week, and now stands at $2,911 (roughly Rs. 2.4 lakh) on international exchanges. In India, ETH is trading at $2,879 (roughly Rs. 2 lakh). The value of the asset has dropped by around four percent on both national and internal exchanges. “This decline is largely attributed to selling pressure from seized BTC sales by the German and U.S. governments, as well as refunds to Mt. Gox users,” the CoinSwitch market desk told Gadgets360. “In the past week, Bitcoin has already fallen below its 200-day moving average. Analysts are warning of potential further downside but also point at the potential opportunities for buying.” South Korea Initiates Crackdown on Unusual Crypto Activities The prices of most cryptocurrencies were down on Monday, opening purchase opportunities for potential buyers. Solana, Ripple, Dogecoin, Cardano, and Avalanche reflected losses alongside BTC and ETH. Shiba Inu, Polkadot, Chainlink, Leo, and Polygon also dropped in value on Monday. The overall valuation of the crypto market tumbled by 4.63 percent over the last 24 hours. The market cap of the crypto sector stood at $2.02 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,68,58,374 crore) at the time of writing, according to CoinMarketCap. Meta Looking to Hire Generative AI-Focused Workers After Recent Layoffs On the other hand, some cryptocurrencies saw their prices rise on Monday. These include Tether, USD Coin, Tron, and Status. Analysts are pinning their hopes on the anticipated approval of crypto ETFs in the US, that could add more value to these loss-ridden cryptocurrencies. Solana is also expected to see some notable price fluctuations given that VanEck has filed for a Solana ETF in the US and the chances of its approval remain dicey. “Despite a recent dip in the market, there are signs of recovery, with investors accumulating Bitcoin through exchange-traded funds. Similarly, Solana is also showing signs of potential recovery, with the RSI indicating a possible decrease in selling pressure. A breakout above the 20-day EMA could trigger a rally towards the 50-day SMA,” Avinash Shekhar, Co-founder and CEO, Pi42 told Gadgets360.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp's New Meta AI Feature Will Reportedly Reply to Images and Edit Them" ,  WhatsApp for Android is reportedly getting a new feature allowing the in-built artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot Meta AI to edit and reply to images. The new feature is currently under development, as per the update tracker, and those who have signed up for the app's beta programme will not be able to see it. It is said that the upcoming Meta AI feature will be powered by the company's latest large language model, Llama 3. Users will be given privacy control options to protect the images as well. WhatsApp to Reportedly Get a New Meta AI Feature According to the WhatsApp update tracker WABetaInfo, the new feature was spotted in WhatsApp beta for Android version 2.24.14.20. Since the feature is still under development, it has not been made visible in the release. However, the feature tracker has shared screenshots of the AI feature, highlighting its capabilities and workings.  WhatsApp for Android to get edit images feature in Meta AIPhoto Credit: WABetaInfo As per the screenshots, it appears that the new feature will be powered by Llama 3. Notably, an earlier report claimed that users will soon get access to Llama 3 and will also be able to switch between the AI model and its predecessor. Llama 2 also has computer vision, so it might support the feature as well. There are two distinct features. First, Meta AI is said to be able to reply to images. Currently, the AI chatbot can reply to texts, but it cannot see or process images. The feature tracker claims the new update will let users post an image and ask the AI questions about it. This can already be done on Gemini AI and ChatGPT. Llama 3's open-sourced models can also do it, but for that users will have to locally run the LLM. The second feature is claimed to allow Meta AI to make edits to the images. Currently, it is not known the level of editing the AI model can make. It could support basic edits such as improving the lighting, cropping, removing background objects, and more. However, it may also offer advanced AI editing such as changing the background and adding more effects, just like Magic Editor offers in compatible Pixel smartphones. WhatsApp May Soon Let Users Record and Share Video Notes Quickly


WhatsApp May Soon Let You Generate Images of Yourself Using Meta AI


WhatsApp Now Lets You Create Events in Group Chats on iPhone In the screenshot, a description of the feature says that the photos sent to Meta AI will be analysed, including facial features. It also adds that users will have control over the image, and they can delete it anytime. However, it is not clear whether deleting the image will also delete it from Meta AI's database. The release date for the features is not known at the moment. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel Watch 3 Connectivity Details Leaked via FCC Listing Ahead of Anticipated Launch: Report" ,  Google Pixel Watch 3 is expected to be one of the new products unveiled by Google at its upcoming hardware launch event. The successor to the Pixel Watch 2, which was unveiled last October, has now been spotted on the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) website, hinting at its imminent debut. Recently leaked design renders of the purported Pixel Watch 3 surfaced online. Previous leaks and reports have also hinted at some of the key features of the upcoming smartwatch including its display and battery specifications as well as its dimensions. Google Pixel Watch 3 connectivity details spotted on FCC website The upcoming Google Pixel Watch 3 was spotted by 9to5Google on the US FCC website, with the model numbers GBDU9, GGE4J, GG3HH, and GRY0E. These variants of the company's third generation smartwatch are said to arrive in two size options - 41mm and 45mm. The GBDU9 and GRY0E model numbers are expected to support LTE connectivity, while the GGE4J and GG3HH variants are likely to support Wi-Fi-only connectivity, according to the listings on the US regulator's website. The smartwatches are also said to support dual-band Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and NFC connectivity. Google Pixel Watch 3 Design Renders Surface Online: See Here Google Pixel Watch 3 specifications (Rumoured) The Google Pixel Watch 3 has previously been tipped to feature a round 1.2-inch display with a rotating crown. The watch is expected to run on Wear OS and is equipped with several health tracking sensors. It may measure 40.79 x 40.73 x 14mm in size. The Google Pixel Watch 3 is expected to carry a 307mAh battery. Pixel Watch 3 Will Come in 45mm Size, Pixel Buds Pro 2 in the Works: Report


Google's Pixel Watch 3 XL May Look Like This Previous-Gen Smartwatch The Google Pixel Watch 3 lineup is also rumoured to include a Pixel Watch 3XL model, which is likely to be bigger in size but may share similar features as the purported 41mm Pixel Watch 3.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Watch Pro 2, Buds Pro 2 Battery, Other Specifications Leaked via FCC Listing Ahead of Launch Today: Report" ,  CMF, the sub-brand by Carl Pei's Nothing, is scheduled to launch its first-ever smartphone alongside the CMF Watch Pro 2 and Buds Pro 2 today (July 8) at 2:30pm IST. Ahead of their official debut in India and the global markets, the battery details and other specifications of the wearable devices have reportedly been leaked via a Federal Communications Commission (FCC) listing. This development comes just days after the brand confirmed that its upcoming smartwatch will come with interchangeable bezels. CMF Watch Pro 2, Buds 2 Specifications (Leaked) According to a MySmartPrice report, the CMF Watch Pro 2's FCC listing surfaced sporting the model number D398. It will reportedly be equipped with a 295mAh battery. It is also speculated to come in Ash Grey, Blue, Dark Grey and Orange colourways. Notably, the smartwatch was previously spotted on the BIS website sporting the same model number. CMF Watch Pro 2 is also tipped to support navigational technologies such as GPS, GLONASS, BDS (BeiDou) and Galileo. In terms of connectivity, the smartwatch will support Bluetooth. The listing reportedly confirms that CMF Watch Pro 2 will launch in India, in addition to other global markets such as Australia, Canada, Europe, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, South Korea, the US, the UK and Taiwan. CMF Phone 1 Roundup: Here's Everything You Need to Know On the other hand, the CMF Buds Pro 2 is also scheduled to launch today during Nothing's Community Update. The FCC listing reportedly suggests that the TWS earbuds will come with the model number B172. Buds Pro 2 may be equipped with a 60mAh battery. The schematics of the device suggest that it could have a square charging case, which could be identical to the CMF Buds which launched in March this year. CMF teaser According to a teaser shared by CMF on social media, the CMF Watch Pro 2 is confirmed to sport a circular dial which will be interchangeable, unlike its predecessor which came with a square display. It is teased to have an aluminium alloy chassis with a single rotating crown. CMF Watch Pro 2 Will Let You Change Bezels in Seconds


CMF Student Referral Program Launches in India: How to Register, Benefits The CMF Buds Pro 2 will have dual-driver acoustics, CMF has confirmed. The TWS earbuds will also feature Hybrid Active Noise Cancellation up to 50dB. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iPhone 16 Pro Might Offer 5x Optical Zoom as Apple Orders More Periscope Lenses: Report" ,  Apple is believed to be two months away from revealing its next-generation iPhone family. Nonetheless, camera details of the iPhone 16 Pro series have now surfaced online, which implies that Apple is adding advanced features in the Pro models instead of a cheaper iPhone 16 or iPhone 16 Plus. the iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max are expected to come with a tetraprism 5x zoom lens. Last year, Apple used this lens exclusively on the most expensive iPhone 15 Pro Max. Apple orders more periscope lenses As per a report by DigitTimes in Asia, Apple is looking to expand the use of periscope lenses for its upcoming iPhone 16 series and a few key suppliers have landed more orders for these lenses. The report, citing industry sources, states that Taiwanese lens module manufacturers Largan Precision and Genius Electronic Optical (GSEO) are expected to be the primary suppliers for the tetraprism camera components. This could allow for 5x optical and 25x digital zoom Largan supplied periscope lenses for the iPhone 15 Pro Max launched last year and GSEO is likely to join as a new supplier. This indicates that iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max will get an advanced tetra prism 5x lens. Apple packed a tetraprism 5x zoom lens exclusively on the iPhone 15 Pro Max last year, while the iPhone 15 Pro was limited to a 3x optical zoom. Apple Watch Series 10 CAD Renders Tip Large Display iPhone 16 Pro series camera upgrades expected Besides the optical zoom capabilities, the iPhone 16 Pro models are expected to include 48-megapixel primary cameras and ultra wide-angle cameras. The most expensive iPhone model could feature an advanced 48-megapixel main Sony IMX903 camera, whereas the iPhone 16 Pro is said to get a 48-megapixel Sony IMX803 sensor. This sensor is also available on the existing iPhone 15 Pro models. Apple Intelligence Features Could Arrive on iPhone in Spring 2025 All four iPhone 16 models are believed to ship with the same A18 chip. A new Capture button could hit the iPhone 16 Pro. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iPhone Could Reportedly Get Apple Intelligence and Siri Features in Spring 2025 With iOS 18.4 Update" ,  Apple Intelligence – the company's suite of artificial intelligence (AI) features for its devices – was unveiled at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10. While Apple did showcase many of the features that will arrive “ next year”, the specific timeline was not revealed. However, a report now suggests that the iOS 18.4 update is set to introduce Apple Intelligence, a smarter Siri and other features to the iPhone in Spring 2025. Apple Intelligence With iOS 18 According to the latest edition of the Power On newsletter by Bloomberg's Mark Gurman, the new features coming to Siri, along with several other features powered by Apple Intelligence, will be delayed until next year. While Apple previously confirmed that its new AI features would arrive next year, a definite timeline has now been tipped, with Spring 2025 being targeted for its release. As per Gurman, the Cupertino-based tech giant could release Apple Intelligence features for developers via an update in January 2025, and they would be rolled out with the iOS 18.4 update, which is already said to be in development. AI-powered experiences are also reported to come to Apple Vision Pro but only next year. Apple Could Introduce A17 Pro Chip-Powered iPad Mini, Leak Reveals This corroborates a previous claim by Gurman himself in June that some of Apple's newly announced features may not be ready for shipment when iOS 18 is publicly released and their release could be pushed back. At the time, it was suggested that some of the Apple Intelligence capabilities might even take till 2025 for their public rollout. On the other hand, Gurman suggested that other Apple Intelligence features, such as text-generation and formatting tools powered by ChatGPT – OpenAI's popular conversational chatbot – will be introduced later this year. Apple May Bring Out a Touchscreen HomePod with AI Features


iOS 18 Will Introduce These Two Improvements to the Built-In Weather App Notably, Apple is expected to bring major upgrades to Siri with iOS 18. One of the key additions in contextual understanding. Following the update, it will be capable of understanding natural language and vaguely spoken sentences to find the underlying meaning behind them. Furthermore, it is also confirmed to be integrated with various native Apple apps. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Tipped to Bring Galaxy AI-Powered Live Translate Feature to WhatsApp Calls" ,  Samsung recently announced that its Live Translate feature will soon support third-party applications. Now, a tipster has suggested that it may work for WhatsApp calls too. According to claims on a social media platform, real-time language translation capabilities could soon come to compatible Samsung smartphones via Galaxy AI – Samsung's suite of artificial intelligence (AI) features that it announced in January. This development comes amidst confirmation that this suite will be free to use until 2025. Live Translation on WhatsApp According to a post on X (formerly Twitter) by tipster Ice Universe, Galaxy AI will bring support for real-time language translation in WhatsApp calls. The feature is reported to arrive via the One UI 6.1.1 update and may work on select Galaxy smartphones. This builds upon a previous confirmation by Samsung that it would enable third-party application support. Galaxy AI will power WhatsApp real-time translation— ICE UNIVERSE (@UniverseIce) July 6, 2024 As per the tipster, Samsung could announce this feature at the Galaxy Unpacked event which is scheduled to take place on July 10 in Paris. At the event, Samsung could reportedly debut the One UI 6.1.1 update for its Galaxy smartphones. This update is tipped to arrive with the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Z Flip 6 smartphones that are expected to launch at the event. The confirmation of Galaxy AI in Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 coincides with an alleged marketing image that surfaced online in June. The Live Translate feature on Samsung smartphones works through on-device processing. Samsung claims that the user data is stored locally on the device instead of being sent through a server. While the South Korean tech giant did not explicitly name the third-party apps its feature would support, apps such as Telegram and Google Maps could be part of the list. Amazon Prime Day: Galaxy M35, iQoo Z9 Lite and More New Phones to Launch


Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Key Specifications Leaked Again Ahead of Launch


Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra, Watch 7 Details Spotted on Certification Site According to Won-joon Choi, Executive Vice President and Head of Mobile R and D Office for Samsung's mobile experience business, Galaxy AI on foldable smartphones will “unlock all new possibilities”. In addition to Live Translate, the AI suite also includes other features, including Chat Assist, Interpreter Mode, Circle to Search, Summarisation, Note Assist, and Transcript Assist. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Nord 4 to Launch Alongside Pad 2, Watch 2R, and Nord Buds 3 Pro on July 16" ,  OnePlus Summer Launch Event 2024 is set to be held on July 16 in Milan, Italy. The company has confirmed that the event will launch four new products — the OnePlus Nord 4 5G, the OnePlus Pad 2, the OnePlus Watch 2R, and the OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro. The OnePlus Nord 4 5G has previously been tipped as a rebranded version of the OnePlus Ace 3V but with a different design. Similarly, the OnePlus Pad 2 is also expected to be a rebadged version of the OnePlus Pad Pro. OnePlus Nord 4, Pad 2, Watch 2R, Nord Buds 3 Pro launch The OnePlus Nord 4 5G will be unveiled during a OnePlus Summer Launch Event in Milan, Italy, on July 16 alongside the OnePlus Pad 2, Watch 2R, and Nord Buds 3 Pro, the company confirmed in a community post. The OnePlus Nord 4G handset is claimed to sport a metal unibody design. The OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro is said to be a mid-range offering with active noise cancellation (ANC) support. Meanwhile, the OnePlus Pad 2 is dubbed the "new productivity powerhouse", and the OnePlus Watch 2R is confirmed to be lightweight and run on Wear OS. OnePlus Summer Launch Event Set for July 16; OnePlus Nord 4, More Expected OnePlus Nord 4 5G price, features (expected) The OnePlus Nord 4 5G was previously tipped to be priced in India at Rs. 31,999. It is expected to sport a 6.74-inch 1.5K OLED screen, a 50-megapixel dual rear camera system and a 16-megapixel selfie shooter. The phone could be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 chipset and be backed by a 5,500mAh battery with 100W fast charging support. Leaked design renders of the OnePlus Nord 4 5G showed the phone in three colour options and with an alert slider. OnePlus Nord 4 Design Leaked Ahead of July 16 Launch


OnePlus Pad 2 Specifications Leaked; Tipped to Launch in India The details of the OnePlus Pad 2 have also leaked recently. The tablet has been tipped to launch in India alongside the OnePlus Stylo 2, a Smart Keyboard and a Folio Case.   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iPhone 14 at an Effective Price of Rs. 34,900 With Exchange Offer During Monsoon Fest Sale" ,  iPhone 14 was initially unveiled in India in September 2022. The smartphone was launched alongside the iPhone 14 Plus, iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max. The prices of the iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus have been discounted in the country since their launch. Now, the vanilla iPhone 14 handset can be bought at an even cheaper rate during the ongoing Monsoon Fest sale held by Apple reseller Imagine. This discounted price is considerably lower than the price that the iPhone 14 is listed at on the official site or e-commerce sites. iPhone 14 price in India during Monsoon Fest sale, offers The 128GB variant of the iPhone 14 was launched in India at Rs. 79,900. It is currently priced at Rs. 69,900 via the official website. Apple reseller Imagine has confirmed that the same option of the iPhone 14 can be bought in India during the ongoing Monsoon Fest sale at an effective price of Rs. 34,900. However, it is not a flat discount, there are conditional offers. Apple's iPhone 16 Camera May Feature a New CMOS Sensor From This Company Product Name iPhone 14 (128GB)     MRP Rs. 69,900   Imagine Instant Discount Rs. 6,000   Instant Bank Cashback Rs. 3,000   Exchange Bonus Rs. 6,000   Tentative Value of Old Device Rs. 20,000   Net Effective Price Rs. 34,900 Upon the listed price of Rs. 69,900, customers buying the iPhone 14 currently can avail of an Imagine Instant discount of Rs. 6,000 and an instant bank cashback of Rs. 3,000. You can also exchange your older smartphone at an exchange value of up to Rs. 20,000. They can also get an additional Rs. 6,000 exchange bonus offer. These deductions bring the net effective price down to Rs. 34,900. Note that even if you do not have a product you can exchange, you are still eligible for a discount worth Rs. 9,000, bringing the effective price down to Rs. 60,000. This is less than the price it is listed at via the official Apple e-store. iOS 18 Will Introduce These India-Focused Features Later This Year


iPhone 16 Lineup to Get New Battery That Could Last Longer: Report iPhone 14 specifications The iPhone 14 sports a 6.1‑inch Super Retina XDR OLED screen and is powered by Apple's A15 Bionic SoC. The phone gets a 12-megapixel dual rear camera unit and a 12-megapixel selfie shooter for optics. It is claimed to offer a battery life of up to 26 hours on a single charge.   Apple unveiled its first mixed reality headset, the Apple Vision Pro, at its annual developer conference, along with new Mac models and upcoming software updates. We discuss all the most important announcements made by the company at WWDC 2023 on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy M35, iQoo Z9 Lite, Honor 200, and More New Smartphones to Go on Sale During Amazon Prime Day 2024" ,  Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale will be held in India on July 20 and 21. Different products, ranging from personal electronics, home furnishing items, large appliances and more, will be available at lower prices than usual. Some of the best deals during this time are expected to be on smartphones from leading brands like Samsung, Honor, iQoo, Motorola and more. The e-commerce site has previously confirmed that the upcoming Prime Day sale will see new product launches from over 450 Indian and global brands. It has been confirmed that the new smartphones will be available during the sale. Amazon Prime Day 2024 launches The Samsung Galaxy M35 and the iQoo Z9 Lite 5G are both set to launch in India on July 17 and go on sale during Amazon Prime Day 2024. Among new launches are also the Honor 200 series handsets. The Honor 200 5G and Honor 200 Pro 5G are set to launch in India on July 18. They will be available for purchase during the upcoming Prime Day sale. The Lava Blaze X, confirmed to be unveiled on July 10, will also go on sale during the sale. Amazon Prime Day Sale 2024 Dates Announced: Here's What to Know The Motorola Razr 50 Ultra, launched in India earlier this month, will also go on sale during the Amazon Prime Day 2024. The phone is priced in the country at Rs. 99,999 for the sole 12GB + 512GB option. Customers can get a flat Rs. 10,000 discount, bringing down the price to Rs. 89,999 during the sale. People can start pre-reservations on Amazon from July 10. During the sale, the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G will be introduced in the Ultra Orange colourway. The Redmi 13 5G and the Realme GT 6T are also confirmed to be unveiled in Orchid Pink and Miracle Purple shades, respectively. An unspecified new OnePlus 12R 5G variant will also be launched during the Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale. Amazon Prime Day 2024 offers The Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale will be live for all users in India starting at 12am IST on July 20. It is also confirmed to end at 11:59 pm IST on July 21. During the sale, customers can get massive discounts on a wide range of items besides smartphones. Samsung Galaxy M35 5G Confirmed to Launch on This Date The e-commerce site confirmed that all customers would get up to 40 percent discount on mobile phones and accessories. People who use ICICI Bank credit or debit cards or the EMI option will be eligible for a 10 percent discount during transactions. The same benefits would also be extended to SBI credit card holders. Honor 200 5G, Honor 200 Pro 5G Will Be Launched in India on This Date Customers may also be eligible for up to 24 months of no-cost EMI options, as well as additional coupons and exchange offers on any particular item, which can lower the effective price.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Pad 2 Specifications Leaked; Said to Feature Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, 9,510mAh Battery" ,  OnePlus Pad 2 will launch globally on July 16 at the OnePlus Summer Launch Event in Milan, Italy. The tablet will launch alongside the OnePlus Nord 4, Watch 2R, and Nord Buds 3 Pro. It is expected to succeed the OnePlus Pad, which was unveiled in February 2023. The global variant of the OnePlus Pad 2 is tipped to be a rebadged version of the OnePlus Pad Pro, introduced in China in June this year. A tipster has shared some leaked key specifications of the tablet and suggested an India launch. OnePlus Pad 2 features (expected) According to an X post by tipster Ishan Agarwal (@ishanagarwal24), the OnePlus Pad 2 is expected to sport a 12.1-inch IPS LCD screen with a 3,000 x 2120 pixels resolution, a 144Hz refresh rate and 900nits of peak brightness level. It is also tipped to support Dolby Vision. The tipster claimed that the OnePlus Pad 2 will likely be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. The tablet could be available in two RAM and storage configurations - 8GB + 128GB and 12GB + 256GB. It is also likely to be equipped with six speakers. OnePlus Summer Launch Event Set for July 16; OnePlus Nord 4, More Expected The OnePlus Pad 2 is also expected to be backed by a 9,500mAh battery with support for 67W wired SuperVOOC charging. For optics, the back camera is expected to have a 13-megapixel sensor, while the front camera is tipped to get an 8-megapixel sensor. OnePlus Pad 2 launch According to a community post, the OnePlus Pad 2 will be launched during a OnePlus Summer Launch Event in Milan, Italy, on July 16 alongside the OnePlus Nord 4, Watch 2R, and Nord Buds 3 Pro. OnePlus Pad 2 Spotted on Geekbench; Launch Timeline Reportedly Delayed


OnePlus Pad Pro With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Chipset Launched at This Price The aforementioned tipster noted that the OnePlus Pad 2 will also launch in India. The company will also introduce the OnePlus Stylo 2, which is a stylus, a Smart Keyboard and a Folio Case to accompany the tablet, he suggested.   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Key Specifications Leaked Ahead of Next Week's Unpacked Event" ,  Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, expected to succeed the Galaxy Z Fold 5, will be unveiled on July 10 at the Galaxy Unpacked event in Paris. Leaked details about the upcoming book-style foldable handset have surfaced online previously over the past few weeks. Recently, promotional images of the phone, alongside those of the Galaxy Z Flip 6, were also leaked. Now, a tipster has reiterated some of the key features and specifications that the Galaxy Z Fold 6 is expected to get. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 features (expected) According to an X post by tipster Abhishek Yadav (@yabhishekhd), the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 is expected to sport a 7.6-inch Dynamic AMOLED 2X inner display with a resolution of 2,160 x 1,856 pixels and a 6.3-inch Dynamic AMOLED 2X outer screen. Both displays are tipped to get a 120Hz refresh rate, and the cover screen is expected to have Corning Gorilla Glass Victus 2 protection. The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 will likely be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. The phone is expected to ship with Android 14-based One UI 5. Samsung Offers Pre-Order Reservations in India Ahead of Galaxy Unpacked For optics, the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 is tipped to feature a 50-megapixel optical image stabilisation (OIS) supported primary rear sensor alongside a 12-megapixel sensor paired with an ultra-wide lens and a 10-megapixel telephoto shooter with up to 3x optical zoom. The cover screen will likely hold a 10-megapixel front camera sensor, while the inner display is expected to sport a 4-megapixel under-display sensor. Samsung is expected to pack a 4,400mAh battery into the Galaxy Z Fold 6. The handset is also expected to come with S-Pen support and a USB 3.2 Gen 1 Type C port. Connectivity options will likely include Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.3 and NFC. The phone is also expected to carry an IP48-rated build. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 Design, Features Leak Before Launch


Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 New Renders Suggest Three Colour Options The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 is tipped to feature an Armor aluminium frame and is expected to weigh 239g. When folded, the phone is expected to measure 12.1mm in thickness; when unfolded, it may measure 5.6mm.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "HMD View Design Leaked; Colour Options, Key Features Surface Online" ,  HMD View will likely hit the markets in the next few months. It could be one of the self-branded smartphones by HMD that are expected to be under development. Recently, details about the Nokia Lumia-like HMD Skyline have made headlines. The HMD View moniker, alongside the purported design and leaked features, has surfaced online. The leak has also detailed the possible colour options of the rumoured handset. However, there is yet to be any information about the launch timeline of the phone. HMD View design, colour options (expected) X user HMD_MEME'S (@smashx_60), who has previously leaked several purported HMD products, has shared the leaked design renders and key features of the HMD View. The phone appears in the leak with a slightly raised, rectangular camera module with rounded edges placed in the top left corner of the back panel. The colour of this module is darker than the rest of the panel, and it holds two camera units and an LED flash. Ice & Velvet pic.twitter.com/tqUQBEGM55— HMD_MEME'S (@smashx_60) July 5, 2024 The leaked design of the HMD View also shows that the volume rocker and the power button are placed on the right edge. The HMD branding also appears in the middle of the rear panel. The tipster added that the phone will be offered in three colourways - Meteor Black, Ice and Velvet. It is shown in the leaks in the last two options. HMD Skyline, HMD Atlas Leaked Design, Price, Features Surface Online HMD View features (expected) The HMD View has been tipped to sport a full-HD+ OLED screen. It is expected to be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC with 8GB of RAM. HMD Is Reportedly Working on Three Smartphones Including 'Project Fusion'


HMD Pulse Pro, Pulse and Pulse+ Repairable Phones Launched: See Prices The dual rear camera unit of the HMD View is expected to be led by a 50-megapixel primary sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support. According to the leak, the handset is expected to have a 4,700mAh battery.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Moshi AI Chatbot With Real-Time Voice Features Launched by Kyutai Labs as GPT-4o Rival" ,  Kyutai Labs on Wednesday launched Moshi AI, an artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot that responds verbally in real-time. The French AI firm has announced that Moshi's entire audio language model was developed in-house. It can also modulate the voice to express emotions and respond in various speaking styles. The AI model can be accessed by the public, for free. Currently, the AI model restricts conversations to five minutes. Interestingly, OpenAI also announced similar speech features with the release of GPT-4o, but it is yet to be released. Moshi AI features The company states that the AI model was developed in six months with a team of eight people. While unveiling the AI model at an event in Paris, the Kyutai Labs said that Moshi is not an AI assistant but a prototype that can be used to develop tools for different use cases. It has also made the chatbot publicly available here. Users can enter their email and join the queue, but Gadgets 360 staff members were able to get immediate access to the platform without any wait time. Yesterday we introduced Moshi, the lowest latency conversational AI ever released. Moshi can perform small talk, explain various concepts, engage in roleplay in many emotions and speaking styles. Talk to Moshi here https://t.co/a4EbAQiih7 and learn more about the method below 🧵. pic.twitter.com/NkJRybTRLQ— kyutai (@kyutai_labs) July 4, 2024 The platform interface is quite minimalistic. There is a simplified AI design where users can check the loudness of their voice when they speak. There is a text box where only the responses of the AI appear. Another box near the top displays technical details such as audio duration, latency, and missed audio. At the very top, there is a button to disconnect the call. Currently, the maximum call duration can be five minutes. The description page highlights that Moshi can think, speak, and listen at the same time to maximise the flow of conversation. Gadgets 360 found that the latency is extremely low, and the AI often responds instantly. However, there are a few instances where the lag in response time can exceed 10-15 seconds. But this can be due to the heavy server load. However, sometimes the verbal prompts were not registered at all, even after three-fourths of the volume meter was filled up.  Moshi AI interfacePhoto Credit: Kyutai Labs  Gadgets 360 also found that the AI model can respond in an emotive voice, and can speak in different styles and using various voice modulations. The AI model is also connected to the Internet and can fetch responses to the queries that require looking up the web. Notably, the chatbot does not allow text prompts, and voice is the only medium to interact with it. Elon Musk Confirms xAI’s Grok-2 AI Model Will Be Launched Next Month


OpenAI's 2023 Breach Led to Hackers Stealing its AI Secrets: Report


ChatGPT for macOS Fixes Flaw That Stored Conversations Without Encryption Kyutai Labs has stated that the AI model will be open-sourced. However, the AI firm has yet to host the model weights and code on a portal. Once available, users will be able to download and install it locally, and can be run on an unconnected device. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Lava Blaze X 5G Price Range Leaked Ahead of India Launch; Tipped to Feature MediaTek Dimensity 7050 SoC" ,  Lava Blaze X 5G will be launched in India on July 10, the domestic smartphone brand announced recently. Shortly after Lava revealed the launch date of the new Blaze series phone, leaks about its price range and key specifications surfaced online. The forthcoming Lava Blaze X is said to run on MediaTek Dimensity 7050 SoC alongside up to 16GB RAM. It could get a 5,000mAh battery with 33W charging support. The Lava Blaze X will go on sale through Amazon during the Prime Day sale. Lava Blaze X 5G price in India (Rumoured) Citing unnamed sources, a Ytechb report states that the Lava Blaze X 5G will be offered in 4GB, 6GB and 8GB RAM variants, with 128GB or 256GB of storage. The base variants are said to be priced under Rs. 15,000. The upcoming phone could be available in purple and cream or silver shades, according to the report. However, additional details related the pricing of the handsets is currently unknown. Lava Yuva 5G With Unisoc T750 5G SoC Debuts in India The Lava Blaze X 5G is anticipated to make its debut at a lower price than that of the Lava Blaze Curve in India. The latter was released in March this year with an initial price tag of Rs. 17,999 for the 8GB RAM + 128GB storage model. Lava Blaze X 5G specifications (Rumoured) The Lava Blaze X 5G will reportedly be equipped with a Dimensity 7050 processor from MediaTek — the same chip that powers the Lava Blaze Curve. It is said to sport a Full-HD+ curved display and ship with Android 14. It is also tipped to feature a dual rear camera setup comprising a 64-megapixel Sony IMX682 sensor and an 8-megapixel ultra-wide camera. It may also arrive with a 32-megapixel front camera and a 5,000mAh battery with 33W charging support. Lava ProWatch Zn With Bluetooth Calling, Heart-Rate Monitor Debuts in India Lava has already announced that the launch of Lava Blaze X 5G will take place on July 10 at 12:00pm IST. It is confirmed to be available for purchase exclusively via Amazon during the upcoming Prime Day sale that is scheduled to take place on July 20 and July 21. It is expected to go on sale via retail stores in August. 




title = "Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra, Watch 7 Battery, Connectivity Specifications Surface on Certification Website" ,  Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra is likely to be unveiled at the company's upcoming Galaxy Unpacked event, alongside the Watch 7 series on July 10. With only days left until the company is expected to launch the new wearables, the specifications of both smartwatch models have reportedly been leaked via a Chinese certification website. As per the listing, the battery capacity, network connectivity, and geolocation features are said to have been revealed, along with images. A previous report also hinted at the European pricing of the Galaxy Watch 7 series. Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra, Galaxy Watch 7 specifications (Rumoured) ITHome spotted the Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra and Watch 7 were spotted on the Chinese TAF certification website. Their listing also sheds some light on specifications of the devices. The Galaxy Watch Ultra — the purported flagship model — is tipped to have a 590mAh battery. It is listed with the model number SM-L7050. On the other hand, the Galaxy Watch 7 is listed to feature a 417mAh battery. This smartwatch is said to bear the model number SM-L3150 and may come with WCDMA and NFC support. It is tipped to offer cellular network connectivity via an e-SIM. Both smartwatches are listed with A-GPS, GPS and GLONASS navigation support. The alleged images also corroborate the design teased by previous renders. While the Galaxy Watch 7 may reportedly sport a similar design to its predecessor, the Galaxy Watch Ultra is tipped to have a new square dial, although the display still appears to be circular. Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra price (Rumoured) According to a recent report, the Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra may be priced EUR 699 (roughly Rs. 62,000) for the Bluetooth+LTE variant in Europe. It is rumoured to be available in three colourways: titanium grey, titanium silver and titanium white. Meanwhile, the Galaxy Watch 7 may cost EUR 319 (roughly Rs. 28,000) for the 40mm Bluetooth variant and EUR 349 (roughly Rs. 31,000) for the Bluetooth+LTE variant. The 44mm Bluetooth and Bluetooth+LTE variants of the smartwatch are reportedly priced at EUR 369 (roughly Rs. 62,000) and EUR 399 (roughly Rs. 35,000), respectively. It may be available in cream, green and silver colourways. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi 15 Pro Tipped to Feature 5,400mAh Battery; Fast Charging Details Surface Online" ,  Xiaomi 15 Pro — the upcoming flagship smartphone from the Chinese company — may be equipped with a 5,400mAh battery with support for 100W fast charging, according to claims by a tipster on social media. The smartphone is expected to launch in the coming months as part of the Xiaomi 15 series. Other leaks regarding the handset have also surfaced in recent weeks, suggesting that it may feature a triple camera setup at the back like its predecessor, but with an upgrade to the sensors. Xiaomi 15 Pro battery capacity, charging details leaked According to a post by tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) on the Chinese social media platform Weibo, the Xiaomi 15 Pro may be equipped with a silicon negative electrode battery. It is speculated to feature a 5,400mAh battery — which is a big upgrade over the 4,800mAh battery found on its predecessor. The smartphone is also debut with support for 100W wired fast charging. If true, this would be a downgrade from its predecessor which supported up to 120W charging. However, Xiaomi is said to improve the wireless fast charging of the smartphone. As per the tipster, it may offer support for 100W wireless fast charging — twice as fast as the Xiaomi 14 Pro. Honor 200 5G, Honor 200 Pro 5G Will Be Launched in India on This Date The tipster also claims that Xiaomi is also testing a 120W wired fast charging solution but hasn't been able to resolve thermal issues related to a “temperature rise problem”. Xiaomi 15 Pro specifications (Rumoured) According to a report, Xiaomi is said to have the “exclusive first launch rights” for the Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset which is rumoured to launch later this year. As a result, the Xiaomi 15 Pro is tipped to be equipped with this upcoming processor. It is also reported to feature an in-display ultrasonic fingerprint sensor, ditching the optical fingerprint scanner found on its predecessor. Honor Magic V3 Colour Options Revealed Ahead of July 12 Launch


OnePlus Nord 4 Design Leaked Ahead of July 16 Launch Tipster Digital Chat Station suggests the Xiaomi 15 Pro may feature a micro-curved display with a 2K resolution which may be different from the Xiaomi 14 Pro. In terms of optics, the handset is speculated to be equipped with a triple camera setup at the back, comprising a 50-megapixel Sony IMX882 sensor and a 50-megapixel periscope lens. Notably, the latter was reserved for the ‘Ultra' variant in the Xiaomi 14 series but it is now rumoured to come to the Xiaomi 15 Pro too. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro Leaked Images Show LED Strips on Stem; Buds 3 Retail Box Surfaces Ahead of Debut" ,  Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro might feature LED strips on its stems, according to details shared by a tipster. The South Korean tech giant is expected to launch the Galaxy Buds 3 and Buds 3 Pro at its upcoming Galaxy Unpacked event next week. Ahead of the launch, the design and key specifications of the truly wireless stereo (TWS) headset have been leaked online. One of the latest leaks has showcased the design of the Pro models with a transparent lid, grey coloured case and buds, and LED strips on a stemmed design. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro design leaked In a post on X (formerly Twitter), tipster Ice Universe has posted several live images of the purported Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro. The images highlight a design refresh for the headset — instead of the pebble-shape sported by its predecessors, each earphone is equipped with a stem. Several users have commented on the post that the new design makes it look very similar to the AirPods Pro and other TWS headsets. Galaxy Buds3 Pro！ pic.twitter.com/pHCJeI2T46— ICE UNIVERSE (@UniverseIce) July 5, 2024 In the images, a grey colour case and earbuds are clearly visible. The earbuds have a black silicon tip. The lid of the case appears to be transparent. The case also appears to have undergone a design change, and instead of the horizontal rectangular shape, it now has a vertical design with rounded edges. One of the images, where the device is turned on, light blue LED strips along the stem can also be seen. Apart from that, each bud pod also gets different coloured LED, with red seen on the right and blue on the left. On the front, there appears to be a single green LED. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Watch Ultra, Buds 3 Details Leak Ahead of Launch An earlier report claimed that the Pro model will get 24-bits or 96kHz “Ultra High-Quality Sound”. It is also reported to get Adaptive Noise Control, ANC and an ambient sound feature. Further, the Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro's charging case is said to be backed by a 500mAh battery. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 retail box surfaces The retail box of the base model of the Galaxy Buds 3 was also leaked, in a now-deleted Instagram post (via GSMArena). The box showcases similar design change as the Pro model with a stemmed shape. The Buds 3 were seen in a white colourway with a black strip along the stem. It is not known whether the strips have LED in them. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3's Alleged Retail Listing Suggests AirPods-Like Case


Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro Design Leaked via In-App Screenshot However, it is worth noting that Samsung has not officially revealed the design or features of the devices. Whether the leaked images are accurate or not will only be revealed when the tech giant hosts its Galaxy Unpacked even on July 10. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Photos Crosses 10 Billion Download Milestone on the Play Store" ,  Google Photos — the default media manager and cloud storage app on most Android devices — has just crossed a major milestone related to downloads on the Play Store. Since it was launched in 2015, Google Photos has become a widely used platform and performs as a photo gallery application on Android phones and tablets. The app offers cloud-based backup for media, along with several photo-editing features, some of which are powered by artificial intelligence (AI). Google Photos has been downloaded over 10 billion times Nine years after it was launched, Google Photos has crossed the 10 billion download milestone. Since it comes pre-bundled with Android smartphones, it is unclear if that counts towards the total number of downloads. The app previously crossed the 5 billion mark in 2020. In recent years, Google Photos has become the premier photo-management app on Android devices. It also comes bundled with most Android phones, except those launched in China. While original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) such as Samsung and OnePlus ship their smartphones with a dedicated gallery app, Google Photos is also pre-installed as part of the Google suite. Google Photos Is Making It Easier to Access Your Locked Folder Courtesy of the company's recent advances in AI, Google has also integrated several generative AI features in its Photos app, with some of them being powered by Gemini — its family of large language models (LLMs). One of the most noteworthy AI editing features on the app is the Magic Editor which uses generative AI to make complex photo edits, such as subject or change the background or the sky, with simple gesture-based actions. Other features include Photo Unblur, Magic Eraser, and Portrait Blur. Although some of these options are exclusive to Pixel devices or available as part of the Google One subscription, others can be accessed on all Android smartphones. iOS 18 Will Introduce These Two Improvements to the Built-In Weather App


Google May Introduce a Quicker Way to Bring Up Incognito Mode on Android Notably, Google Photos isn't the first app from the company to cross 10 billion downloads. Apps such as Android Accessibility Suite, Gmail, Google Chrome, Google Drive, Google Maps, Google Play Services, Google Search, Speech Services by Google, and YouTube all crossed that mark in the past, although some of them are mandatory to access Google features on handsets. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Crypto Airdrops Spur Use of Web3 Wallets as Blockchain Gaming, DeFi Growth Slows: Report" ,  The number of unique active crypto wallets surpassed t 10 million from April to June, according to a report by an NFT marketplace. The report outlines the performance of Web3 in the second quarter of this year. In Q2 2024, the user base of crypto wallets rose by 40 percent, compared to the March quarter. As per DappRadar, the trend of crypto airdrops is among top reasons that are rapidly adding more crypto wallets to the ecosystem. Crypto airdrops lead to increase in Web3 wallet creation In its report on current trends in the Web3 sector, DappRadar has mentioned that ‘airdrop farming' is attracting more people to create crypto wallets and collect promotional or reward crypto tokens for free. Airdrop farming refers to the process of crypto seekers identifying Web3 projects that are announcing token airdrops and participating in their games or contests to accumulate crypto tokens in their wallets. South Korea Initiates Crackdown on Unusual Crypto Activities Before crypto projects take this statistical information and run airdrop giveaways, DappRadar has highlighted that this trend is not here to stay for long, especially because of multiple instances of scam 'crypto giveaway' posts that have caused people financial losses. “The current trend of airdrop farming has led to a surge in unique active wallets (UAW), yet this increase may not be sustainable in the short term,” the firm states in its report said. “To ensure long-term retention of users post-airdrop, it is essential to focus on delivering superior user experience, robust roadmaps, and strong development teams.” Interest in dApps increases dApps related to social media and networking jumped by 66 percent in the second quarter of this year, and interest continues to rise. The number of unique active wallets linked to social dApps has crossed 1.9 million between April and June, as per DappRadar. Average NFT Sale Prices Fell Nearly 60 Percent in Q2 2024: Report With the creation of newer crypto wallets, the sector of decentralised apps (dApps) has also managed to register notable growth in the second quarter of this year. Built and supported on blockchain networks instead of traditional Web2 servers, decentralised apps are open source software programmes that are not controlled by a single person or company – rather, they are governed by their collective userbases. The dApps around social networking have emerged on the top of the list of sectors benefitting from the rising interest from people in dApps. As compared to Web2 platforms, dApps offers more control to people over their content and monetisation while also keeping the threat of censorship at bay. Lower interest in DeFi, blockchain gaming The growth of decentralised finance (DeFi) declined by four percent in recent months, owing to the persistent volatility looming over the crypto market. With the hype around crypto ETFs, countries announcing regulations governing crypto firms, and changes in governments – the crypto market has seen a downward trajectory. Multiple hacks, scams, and legal tussles of crypto firms with international authorities have also affected the sector. “In Q2 2024, the DeFi sector's total value locked (TVL) saw a decline, dropping from $175 billion (roughly Rs. 14,61,346 crore) in Q1 to $168 billion (roughly Rs. 14,02,892 crore) by the end of Q2,” the report states. Blockchain gaming has also seen a similar situation, despite being among the top categories of dApps worldwide. Between April and June, the share of blockchain gaming in the dApps category has dropped by two percent. Many associated to Web3 through games and NFTs fear losing their investments to scams or hacks, which keeps them at a hand's distance from engaging freely with these technologies. From hacks on Web3 platforms like Gala Games, Lykke exchange, and Holograph – hackers managed to steal $430 million in Q2 2024. The report, however, estimates that the number of these incidents could take a hit with continuous developments happening in the blockchain sector.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Watch Pro 2 Teased to Come With Interchangeable Bezels" ,  CMF Watch Pro 2 is all set to go official on July 8 alongside the CMF Phone 1 and CMF Buds Pro 2. To build hype around the launch of its new products, the Nothing sub-brand has shared multiple teasers about their specifications. Most recently, CMF by Nothing confirmed that the Watch Pro 2 will feature an interchangeable bezel system. The wearable is shown in an orange shade with a round bezel. It is anticipated to come with upgrades over the CMF Watch Pro. CMF Watch Pro 2 will support interchangeable bezels Through X, CMF by Nothing has confirmed that the Watch Pro 2 will feature interchangeable bezels. This would offer more customisable appearances for the wearers. The brand also shared an image demonstrating the feature. In the image, CMF's brand ambassador, actor Rashmika Mandanna, is seen wearing the watch on one wrist while swapping the physical bezel around the watch face with the other hand. Switching gears.Watch Pro 2, featuring interchangeable bezels, is dropping soon.Stay tuned. pic.twitter.com/XcfbEMFtAB— CMF by Nothing (@cmfbynothing) July 4, 2024 The official image shows the CMF Watch Pro 2 in CMF's signature orange colour strap with a round dial, instead of the predecessor's square one. It is expected to be offered in several other shades. The watch seems to have a noticeable digital crown on the right side. CMF might use magnets to keep the interchangeable bezels in place. The CMF Watch Pro 2 is already confirmed to feature an aluminium alloy build and it will support more than 100 different watch faces. The watch will come with upgrades over CMF Watch Pro, that debuted in India with a price tag of Rs. 4,499. The latter features a 1.96-inch AMOLED display with a refresh rate of 58Hz and over 600 nits of peak brightness. The CMF Watch Pro supports over 110 sports modes and tracks SpO2 levels, sleep cycles, and stress levels. Bluetooth calling support, IP68-rated build, and smart notifications are the other key features of the device. The watch packs a 340mAh battery. CMF Phone 1 Specifications Revealed Ahead of Launch on July 8 CMF by Nothing will release the Watch Pro 2 on July 8. The CMF Phone 1 and Buds Pro 2 are also scheduled to go official at the same launch event.  CMF Student Referral Program Launches in India: How to Register, Benefits  




title = "Honor 200 5G Series India Launch Date Set for July 18: Expected Price, Specifications" ,  Honor 200 5G series will be launched in India in the coming days. Confirming the upcoming debut of the handsets, Honor has detailed some specifications of the phones via a press invite on Friday. They will run on Honor's MagicOS 8.0 skin, which is based on Android 14. It will be offered in two colour options in the country. The Honor 200 series was previously launched in China and Europe. The global variant of Honor 200 and Honor 200 Pro are equipped with a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 and Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipsets, respectively. Honor 200 5G series India launch date Honor 200 5G and Honor 200 Pro 5G India launch date has been set for July 18, and the launch event will kick off at 12:30pm IST. The Pro model is confirmed to be offered in Black and Ocean Cyan shades, while the vanilla Honor 200 will be released in Black and Moonlight White colours. The handsets will be available for purchase on Amazon, Honor India website and leading mainline stores. Both models will run on MagicOS 8.0 based on Android 14 in India. The Honor Pro 5G is confirmed to boast a 6.78-inch quad-curved screen. Honor Magic V Flip With 4-Inch Cover Screen Debuts While Honor hasn't detailed specification sheets for the Indian versions of Honor 200 5G series, we can expect them to offer similar features to their European counterparts. Honor 200 series specifications, price (Expected) The European variants of Honor 200 family feature full-HD+ (1,224 x2,700 pixels) screens. The Pro model has a 6.78-inch display and runs on the Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset. The vanilla model boasts a 6.7-inch display and is powered by a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 chip. They flaunt triple rear camera units comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor, a 50-megapixel telephoto camera, and a 12-megapixel ultra-wide-angle macro camera. On the font, they feature 50-megapixel selfie cameras. They carry 5,200mAh battery units with 100W wired fast charging support. The Pro model supports 66W wireless fast charging. Honor Magic V3, Magic Vs3, MagicPad 2 and More Set to Launch on This Date The Honor 200 is priced at GBP 499.99 (roughly Rs. 53,500) in the UK, while the Honor 200 Pro is priced at GBP 699.99 (roughly Rs. 74,800). Price in India is expected to be similar to that of the European pricing. 




title = "Bitcoin Logs Drastic Drop to $54,300 After $679 Million in Crypto Liquidations, Most Altcoins See Dips" ,  Bitcoin on Friday, July 5, recorded a drop of 8.15 percent over the last 24 hours. The value of Bitcoin presently stands at $54,300 (roughly Rs. 45.3 lakh) on international exchanges like CoinMarketCap. This records a drop of $6,527 from the price of $60,827 (roughly Rs. 50.7 lakh) that BTC was trading at, 48 hours ago. Meanwhile, on Indian exchanges like Unocoin and WazirX, Bitcoin is trading at $60,817 (roughly Rs. 50.7 lakh). Ether followed BTC on the price chart and recorded losses. At the time of writing, ETH was trading at its three-month low of $2,887 (roughly Rs. 2.4 lakh) on international exchanges. The crypto price tracker by Gadgets360 showed ETH trading at around $3,234 (roughly Rs. 2.7 lakh) on Indian exchanges like WazirX. On foreign and national exchanges, ETH has recorded a price drop of around 11 percent in the last 24 hours. The main factor leading top crypto assets to record big price dips is the wave of liquidations that has hit the crypto market. According to data by CoinGlass, a total of 234,518 traders liquidated $679.38 million (roughly Rs. 5,672 crore) in the last 24 hours. Crypto liquidation refers to the process of forcibly closing a trader's positions in the market because the trader's margin account can no longer support their open positions. This happens if the trader lacks sufficient margin to meet the maintenance requirements, explained CoinGlass. “With 3 major supply overhangs (Mt.Gox, the US and German governments) currently being unloaded on to the BTC markets, the expected selling pressure has brought down prices of the largest crypto asset. With BTC prices now falling below the 200-day SMA line for the first time since October 2023, this has sent shockwaves across the broader markets with altcoins plunging by 10-20 percent,” the CoinSwitch Markets Desk told Gadgets360. On Friday, Dogecoin, Avalanche, Shiba Inu, and Polkadot followed BTC and ETH to reflect price dips on the crypto charts. Litecoin, Polygon, Stellar, and Cosmos also failed to see any relief from the market pressure and showed losses. “Such movements usually present opportunities, especially for scalpers to recover their liquidated trades.” said Avinash Shekhar, CEO and Co-Founder, Pi42. The overall crypto market cap tumbled by 8.32 percent in the last 24 hours. For the first time this year, the valuation of the crypto sector dropped to $1.99 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,66,17,286 crore), showed CoinMarketCap. Around 48 hours ago, the crypto market cap was standing atop the valuation of $2.26 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,89,22.176 crore). “Today's US unemployment rate announcement will be crucial and could induce more volatility in the market,” CoinDCX told Gadgets360. Meanwhile, the small group of altcoins that managed to retain gains on the price chart includes Leo, DogeFi, and Bitcoin Hedge.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Honor Magic V3 Colour Options Revealed Ahead of Launch on July 12" ,  Honor Magic V3 is set to launch in China on July 12 alongside the Honor Magic Vs3, Honor MagicPad 2 and Honor MagicBook Art 14. The company has now revealed the colour options that the Honor Magic V3 will be available in after it is unveiled. Honor previously teased the design of the upcoming handset, which is claimed to be thinner and lighter than the current-generation Honor Magic V2. Notably, the preceding book-style foldable was introduced as the world's slimmest foldable smartphone in September 2023. Honor Magic V3 colour options The Honor Magic V3 has previously been teased in a 'Silk Road Dunhuang' (translated from Chinese) or red colourway. In a recent Weibo post, the company confirmed that the handset will be available in three additional shades — Tundra Green, Qilian Snow and Velvet Black. In previous promotional posters, the Honor Magic V3 was claimed to be thinner and lighter than the preceding Honor Magic V2, which measures 9.9mm in thickness and weighs 231g or 237g, depending on the finish. Honor Magic V3, Magic Vs3, MagicPad 2 and More Set to Launch on This Date Honor Magic V3 features (expected) Another Weibo post suggested that the Honor Magic V3 will be equipped with Honor's AI-backed Defocus Eye Protection technology as well as Deepfake Detection technology. These features were first showcased at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2024 event in June. The Honor Magic V3 has been tipped to be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset. The phone is expected to get a 5,000mAh battery with 66W wired fast charging support. It is also likely to support 5G network connectivity as well as satellite support in China. The handset may weigh between 220 and 229g. Honor MagicPad 2 Design, Colour Options Teased Ahead of Debut in China


Honor Showcases New AI Technology That Will Protect Your Eyes For optics, the Honor Magic V3 may carry a 50-megapixel sensor. It is said to be equipped with an ultra-thin USB Type-C port and the foldable handset's hinge may come with some kind of water resistance certification.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Airtel Refutes Alleged Data Breach Claims, Says ‘Desperate Attempt to Tarnish’ Reputation" ,  Bharti Airtel has issued a statement refuting the claims of data breach on its servers. The telecom operator said that it did not find any evidence of a breach after a thorough investigation. It further claimed that the allegation by the threat actor was a “desperate” attempt to tarnish the brand's reputation. Earlier, multiple reports claimed that the telecom operator suffered a major data breach where the sensitive information of 375 million Airtel customers was compromised and was being sold on the dark web. Airtel Refutes Claims of Data Breach In a statement, Airtel stated, “There has been an ongoing report alleging that Airtel customer data has been compromised. This is nothing short of a desperate attempt to tarnish Airtel's reputation by vested interests. We have done a thorough investigation and can confirm that there has been no breach whatsoever from Airtel systems.” The statement comes a day after several unverified reports claimed that a threat actor identified as ‘xenZen' on dark web forums. X (formerly known as Twitter) user Nicolas Krassas, whose LinkedIn profile suggests he works at Germany-based multinational company Henkel AG as the Head of Threat and Vulnerability Management, posted a screenshot from a dark web forum that shows a post by the threat actor. Airtel India Complete Customers DB Leak - 375 million customers pic.twitter.com/cb7lN1zn5s— Nicolas Krassas (@Dinosn) July 4, 2024 In the screenshot, xenZen alleges breaching Airtel's database and gaining access to customer's data such as phone, email, address, Aadhaar, and more. The threat actor said the data, which was allegedly updated till June 2024, was up for sale. The person behind the account sought $50,000 (roughly Rs. 4,174,000) for the alleged data. However, no follow-up posts, screenshots, or sample data have surfaced that confirm the threat actor's claims even 24 hours after the said attack. Notably, scammers on the dark web often post sensational data breach posts on forums to swindle others into paying. Once the payment is made, they either share fraudulent data or entirely vanish from the platform. This could be one of those instances, however, there is no way of proving it. Airtel vs Jio vs Vi: Best Prepaid Plans With Up to 365 Days Validity


BSNL Reportedly Suffers Major Data Breach Affecting Millions of Users


Telecom Operators Said to Be Testing Caller ID Services in These Areas For now, Airtel has reassured customers that their data is secured and no such data breach has occurred. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Student Referral Program Launched in India; Winners to Get CMF Phone 1, Buds Pro 2 or Watch Pro 2" ,  CMF Student Referral Program was announced by the Nothing sub-brand in India on Thursday. Students across the country can register on a dedicated website and earn the chance to win an upcoming CMF Phone 1 — the first handset from the brand — the CMF Buds Pro 2 and the CMF Watch Pro 2, will be launched on July 8. According to the company, winners will receive the new smartphone, smartwatch or a pair of true wireless earphones. CMF Student Referral program: How to register, benefits The CMF Student Referral Program will provide early access to new CMF products and exclusive discounts to students across India, the company said in a press release. Student influencers across 15 cities and 75 colleges in India will be part of the promotion, and any student enrolled in an educational institution in the country will be able to participate. Students will need to register via CMF by Nothing's dedicated microsite. They can fill in their details, verify and generate their personal referral code. They must circulate their code among their peers. Every time a referral code is used, the referrer gets one point, and the referee gets two points. CMF Phone 1 to Come With Customisable Back Panel; Design, Colours Revealed At the end of the deadline, the top 50 people on the leaderboard will win CMF products. 10 students can win the CMF Phone 1, while 20 others can win the Buds Pro 2, and another 20 can win the Watch Pro 2. Notably, one person will only be eligible to win one device. The microsite reveals that the cutoff for accumulating points on the leaderboard is at 11:59pm IST on July 7. In case of a tie, the person to reach the score first will be ranked higher. Here's What the Upcoming CMF Buds Pro 2, CMF Watch Pro 2 Could Look Like


CMF Phone 1 Set to Launch During Nothing’s Community Update on July 8 CMF Phone 1, Buds Pro 2, Watch Pro 2 launch The CMF Phone 1, Buds Pro 2 and Watch Pro 2 will be unveiled on July 8. The smartphone is confirmed to come with a customisable rear panel, while the Watch Pro 2 has been teased to feature interchangeable bezels. The CMF Buds Pro 2, on the other hand, is claimed to support hybrid active noise cancellation (ANC) of up to 50 dB.   From the Nothing Phone 2 to the Motorola Razr 40 Ultra, several new smartphones are expected to make their debut in July. We discuss all of the most exciting smartphones coming this month and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Nord 4 Design Shown From Various Angles in Multiple Leaks Ahead of July 16 Launch" ,  OnePlus has been balancing performance with practical design over the past few years for its mid-range Nord series in India. While the phone packs in enough power and performance to provide a smooth software experience, the brand has cut down in some areas like design and cameras to make it available at the right and competitive price point. Some of that is about to change with the next model which is currently tagged as the Nord 4. Set to be announced at OnePlus's upcoming global event on 16 July, the Nord 4 has been featured in some new leaks revealing a brand-new design for the OnePlus sub-brand. Key among the numerous design leaks that have surfaced online is a post on X by @OnePlusClub which shows the phone in all its glory and reportedly all the colourways the brand plans to launch it in. There's a two-tone mint green finish, a two-tone silver finish and a basic black. The silver finish also seems to have textured back with large grooves. The green and the black colour variants have rear surfaces that are perfectly flat with bevelled corners before the flat sides. All three finishes showcase the new design language with a new camera layout. This now has two horizontally aligned cameras with LED flash modules placed on the same plane but at a distance. OnePlus Nord 3 5G Review: Levelling Up  A leaked poster showing all three finishes of the upcoming OnePlus Nord 4 smartphonePhoto Credit: @OnePlusClub via X  What's also visible from the same image is the presence of the three-stage alert slider switch, confirming its continuing presence in high-end (non-CE) Nord smartphones. 📸✨ Official Images of the OnePlus Nord 4! Check out the stunning design from all angles! Feel free to retweet with credit and share your thoughts on the design. More Info Below👇 #OnePlusNord4 #TechLovers #SmartphoneDesign pic.twitter.com/4Xy8CAPsGR— Ashok Mor (@_techibee) July 4, 2024 The new leaks (embedded above) and OnePlus' own teasers also hint at the use of metal for its upcoming launches, which will also include the Nord 4. Other recently revealed live images of the same phone clearly show a metal U-shaped unibody chassis, which integrates the rear panel, leaving an opening at the top around the cameras. Indeed, it will be very interesting to see what the final smartphone looks like as it will bring back memories of yester years when phones commonly used all-metal designs (despite having reception problems) signifying “premiumness”. On a side note, the OnePlus Nord 4 shown in these images does remind us of the Pixel 2 series and the Pixel 3 series (launched between 2017 and 2018). The OnePlus Nord 4, as per a previous report, is said to have a Qualcomm Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 SoC. The device could feature a 6.74-inch OLED display with a 120Hz screen refresh rate. The phone is said to have a 50-megapixel primary camera and an 8-megapixel ultrawide camera with a 16-megapixel camera in charge of selfies. The device is expected to be powered by a 5,500mAh battery and will likely support 100W fast wired charging.




title = "Google Chrome for Android May Soon Read Webpages for You Even When Minimised: Report" ,  Google Chrome for Android recently introduced a feature that enables the browser to read any text-heavy webpage aloud. The feature – dubbed ‘Listen to this Page' – can be accessed via the three-dotted menu icon and comes with the option to listen to the text in different voices as well as several languages. Now, a recent report suggests that this feature may be further enhanced with an option for background text playback. Background Text Playback According to a report by MSPowerUser, Google is said to developing an additional functionality for the ‘Listen to this Page' feature that will enable background playback of the webpage text. At present, Chrome users on the Android platform can toggle this option to start the text-to-speech feature, but it stops as soon as the browser is minimised. Google Chrome for Android app is reported to have a flag called “Read Aloud Background Playback”. This is said to allow Google Chrome's feature to work in the background. The description for the flag reportedly reads, “Add support for background playback for Read Aloud”. Google Photos Is Making It Easier to Access Your Locked Folder Notably, the ‘Listen to this Page' feature on Android can play the audio while the user switches to a different tab and even when the device is locked. It was introduced with Google Chrome for Android version 125. Once toggled, it appears with a mini-player at the bottom of the screen with play/pause, 10-second fast forward/rewind and playback speed options. Additionally, the webpage auto-scrolls as the feature continues reading the text. Google's ‘Listen to this Page' supports several Indian and global languages, including Arabic, Bengali, Chinese, English, French, German, Hindi, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Russian, and Spanish. iOS 18 Will Introduce These Two Improvements to the Built-In Weather App


WhatsApp May Soon Let Users Record and Share Video Notes Quickly Minimised Custom Tabs Apart from the ‘Listen to this Page' feature, Google Chrome for Android also recently introduced Minimised Custom Tabs with Chrome 124 update. It enables users to shuffle between native apps and Web content and appears as a downward button on the top banner alongside the name of the website. Once toggled, it turns the Chrome tab into a floating picture-in-picture (PiP) window. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Meta Shares Study on Meta 3D Gen, a Generative AI System to Create 3D Assets From Text Prompts" ,  Meta has shared a new research paper about a generative artificial intelligence (AI) model that can generate 3D assets. Dubbed Meta 3D Gen, the AI model generates high-quality 3D models from text prompts in less than a minute. The company highlighted that the AI model could create end-to-end high-resolution textures and material maps using a combination of texture generation and text-to-mesh techniques entirely developed in-house. Notably, this approach is different from the ones by Tencent and Stability AI, which released image-to-3D models. Meta 3D Gen Unveiled Sharing its research paper, which is currently hosted on Meta's website, the company claimed that its 3D Gen model can render 3D models with high prompt fidelity and ensuring high quality. The model is also said to support physically based rendering (PBR), which allows the generated models to be relighted in different real-world applications. Notably, the research paper is not peer verified, so some of the claims made could be exaggerated. There is no way to find out unless the model is launched to the public. The paper also explains the approaches used to develop the AI model. Meta has developed two in-house systems — Meta 3D AssetGen and Meta 3D TextureGen. AssetGen is responsible for generating 3D objects from a given text prompt. In Stage I, it renders the 3D model using its understanding of the prompt, and in Stage II it further refines the 3D model to reconcile the view-based textures and completes those parts that are not visible in any views. TextureGen is responsible for finding and applying the right textures on the model. Threads Crosses 175 Million User Mark, Says Indians Among Most Active Users This method of 3D model generation has several benefits for the generated 3D assets. For instance, because it uses text prompts, there is no requirement for reference images and users can generate entirely unique models. The PBR support also means that these models can be taken out of the system and directly applied to other environments. The paper claims the generation output of these models are also realistic. Meta Looking to Hire Generative AI-Focused Workers After Recent Layoffs


Meta to Display This Message Following Backlash Over 'Made With AI' Label Meta said that the 3D Gen AI model has a win rate of 68 percent in single stage, which means that 68 times out of 100, the AI can generate the right 3D asset based on the text prompt. The company further claims that the model outperforms various industry baselines in terms of prompt fidelity and visual quality for complex prompts. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus 13, OnePlus Ace 4 Tipped to Feature 6,000mAh Batteries; a 6,500mAh Battery Phone Said to Be in Works" ,  OnePlus Ace 3 Pro with Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC and 6,100mAh battery was released last week. Now, OnePlus seems to be turning its focus to the OnePlus Ace 4 and OnePlus 13. If we look at the recent launch schedules of OnePlus, we can expect the new phones to debut by the end of this year or early next year. Most recently, a Chinese tipster spilled details about the battery capacity of the OnePlus 13 and OnePlus Ace 4. OnePlus or its BBK subsidiary Oppo are likely to unveil a handset with a 6,500mAh battery. A 6,500mAh battery phone could be in the works Tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) on Weibo claimed that Ouga group, which includes Oppo and OnePlus, will launch a handset with a 6,500mAh battery. The company is allegedly testing prototypes with this battery with new-generation silicon materials. OnePlus could be the first to unveil a handset with a 6,500mAh battery. OnePlus is said to be working on new phones featuring micro curved screens with 1.5K and 2K resolutions and 6,000mAh batteries. These could be OnePlus Ace 4 and OnePlus 13, respectively. If this turns out to be true, that would be quite an improvement compared to the OnePlus 12 and OnePlus Ace 3 which have 5,500mAh and 5,400mAh batteries, respectively. OnePlus Nord 4 Price in India, Launch Date, Design, Specifications Tipped OnePlus 13 specifications (leaked) Details about the OnePlus 13 have surfaced earlier this year. The OnePlus 13 is said to come with an ultrasonic fingerprint scanner and could run on Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC. It could be the first OnePlus flagship to get IP69 ratings for dust and water resistance. It is likely to retain the 100W fast charging support, and 50-megapixel Sony LYT-808 sensor for the main camera. The OnePlus 13 is expected to be introduced in December in China with a wider launch happening in early 2025. The OnePlus Ace 4 could go official in January next year, like the OnePlus Ace 3.  OnePlus Pad Pro With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Chipset Launched at This Price   Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple‘s Upcoming iPad Mini 7th Generation Could be Powered by A17 Pro Chipset, Leak Reveals" ,  Apple recently unveiled its latest lineup of iPad models after a two-year hiatus. Now, a recent leak suggests that it may be preparing to develop future models, including an iPad mini 7th generation and a base iPad 11th generation. As per the identifiers discovered, a purported iPad mini could be powered by the A17 chipset, which also powers the iPhone 15 Pro models. On the other hand, the next generation of the base iPad may get an A16 chip under the hood. Leaked iPad Models According to a post on X (formerly Twitter) by user @aaronp613, 14 iPad models were discovered via identifiers found by Nicolás Álvarez. Out of these, six models are said to have been scrapped by Apple. The list of scrapped models includes two A14 chip-powered base iPad models and four M3 chip-powered iPad Pro models in 11-inch and 13-inch sizes, the latter of which was ultimately released with an M4 chip instead at the ‘Let Loose' event in May. In addition to the 5 iPhone identifiers reported yesterday, the following iPad identifiers were found (and @AppleDBdev 's guesses as to what they might be):iPad13,20 - A14 Wi-Fi base model (scrapped)iPad13,21 - A14 Cellular base model (scrapped)iPad15,3 - M3 11-inch Pro Wi-Fi…— Aaron (@aaronp613) July 4, 2024 The leak also suggests that Apple may be planning to introduce as many as eight future iPad models. One of the identifiers is said to be linked to a purported iPad 11th generation, which may get Apple's A16 SoC under the hood. It is speculated to be available with both Wi-Fi and Cellular connectivity options. Another identifier is claimed to reference an iPad mini 7th generation. This tablet may be powered by the 3-nanometre A17 Pro SoC – the same chipset which also powers Apple's flagship iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max. Notably, the iPad (2022) was launched in 2021 while the iPad mini (2021) debuted in 2021, meaning several years have passed since Apple refreshed its lineup. Honor MagicPad 2 Design, Colour Options Teased Ahead of Debut in China


Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Tipped to Arrive in These Two Models


Realme Pad 3 Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website; Launch Appears Imminent Although Apple launched new iPad Pro models in May, it is rumoured to be developing the next generation of the tablet, and it may be powered by the unannounced M5 chipset which could be developed based on TSMC's 2-nanometre fabrication process. The purported iPad Pro is speculated to come in two sizes: 11-inch and 13-inch, similar to existing models, and may be available in both Wi-Fi and Cellular configurations. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G India Launch Date Set for July 9; Design, Key Features Revealed" ,  Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G was introduced in select global markets in June this year. Now the company has confirmed the India launch of the handset. The Indian variant of the smartphone will likely be similar to the existing global version. Tecno has also revealed some of the key features of the phone, alongside the design of the Indian variant of the model. A live microsite on an e-commerce website has also confirmed the availability details of the handset. Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G launch, design An official X post confirmed that the Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G will launch in India on July 9. An Amazon microsite for the same suggests the imminent Amazon availability of the handset. The design revealed via the microsite is similar to that of the existing Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G. The triple rear camera unit of the phone is placed within a slightly raised, squarish module in the top left corner with a silver, metallic border. Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6080 SoC Debuts The SIM tray slot appears on the left edge of the Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G handset, while the right edge holds the volume and power buttons. The top edge is seen with a Dolby Atmos imprint and a speaker grille. The phone is teased in a white colour option. Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G features The Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G India variant is confirmed to sport a 108-megapixel primary rear camera sensor. The triple rear camera system will also include a macro lens, the microsite confirms. Similar to the global version, the Indian variant of the Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G will be powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 6080 SoC paired with up to 16GB of dynamic RAM. The handset will also support up to 256GB of onboard storage and up to 1TB of storage expansion via a microSD card. Tecno Phantom V2 Flip Design, Key Features Surface Online Ahead of Debut


Tecno's Next Foldable Pops Up on Bluetooth SIG Website Notably, the global variant of the Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G ships with Android 14-based HiOS 14 and carries a 6.78-inch 120Hz full-HD+ display, as well as an 8-megapixel selfie shooter. It is also backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 33W fast charging support.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Elon Musk Hints at xAI’s Grok-2 AI Model Launch, Says Will Release in August" ,  Elon Musk confirmed on Monday that the Grok-2 artificial intelligence (AI) model will be launched in August. The upcoming large language model (LLM) of xAI is expected to get new features and better performance capabilities than its predecessor. The billionaire also revealed that the company will reduce the reliance on training data sourced from the Internet to improve the quality of its responses. No other details are currently known about the AI model. Notably, in April, xAI released the Grok-1.5 Vision model that can process images and answer queries about them. Elon Musk Confirms Grok-2 Launch It has been less than a year since Musk's xAI first previewed the Grok-1 model. The model first arrived in November 2023, and the company said it was built and trained in just two months. The model gained popularity for its witty and sarcastic response style. However, unlike many LLMs such as ChatGPT, Gemini, and Claude, there is no public version of the AI model available for everyone. In a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), Musk confirmed that the Grok-2 AI model will arrive in August. The entrepreneur was responding to a video interview of Cohere CEO Aidan Gomez about the problem of different chatbots showing similar patterns of sentence construction, which suggests that they are being trained on data from each other's outputs. ChatGPT for macOS Fixes Flaw That Stored Conversations Without Encryption Addressing this, the X owner acknowledged the problem and said that it takes a significant amount of effort to remove Internet training data from LLMs, which is causing all chatbots to sound similar. He claimed that the Grok-2 chatbot will see a “giant improvement” in this aspect. Musk did not share any other details about the upcoming update to the AI model. In April, xAI previewed the Grok-1.5 Vision model, which with the help of computer vision capabilities, could accept visual media as input. The model's context window was kept the same at 1,28,000 tokens. This model is not available publicly. Zepp Health Unveils Zepp OS 4 With AI-Powered Features From GPT-4o


Copilot Will Soon Be Able to Send Text Messages Remotely via Your Phone Currently, the Grok AI chatbot can be accessed with the X Premium subscription which costs Rs. 566.67 a month. It is also bundled with the X Premium+ subscription which is priced at Rs. 1,133.33 a month. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "OpenAI's 2023 Breach Led to Hackers Stealing Company's AI Secrets: Report" ,  A hacker gained access to the internal messaging systems at OpenAI last year and stole details about the design of the company's artificial intelligence technologies, the New York Times reported on Thursday. The hacker lifted details from discussions in an online forum where employees talked about OpenAI's latest technologies, the report said, citing two people familiar with the incident. However, they did not get into the systems where OpenAI, the firm behind chatbot sensation ChatGPT, houses and builds its AI, the report added. ChatGPT for macOS Fixes Flaw That Stored Conversations Without Encryption Microsoft Corp-backed OpenAI did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment. OpenAI executives informed both employees at an all-hands meeting in April last year and the company's board about the breach, according to the report, but executives decided not to share the news publicly as no information about customers or partners had been stolen. OpenAI executives did not consider the incident a national security threat, believing the hacker was a private individual with no known ties to a foreign government, the report said. The San Francisco-based company did not inform the federal law enforcement agencies about the breach, it added. WhatsApp May Soon Let You Generate Images of Yourself Using Meta AI OpenAI in May said it had disrupted five covert influence operations that sought to use its AI models for "deceptive activity" across the internet, the latest to stir safety concerns about the potential misuse of the technology. The Biden administration was poised to open up a new front in its effort to safeguard the U.S. AI technology from China and Russia with preliminary plans to place guardrails around the most advanced AI Models including ChatGPT, Reuters earlier reported, citing sources. In May, 16 companies developing AI pledged at a global meeting to develop the technology safely at a time when regulators are scrambling to keep up with rapid innovation and emerging risks. © Thomson Reuters 2024  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Boat Lunar Oasis With Bluetooth Calling, 1.43-Inch AMOLED Display Launched in India" ,  Boat Lunar Oasis was unveiled in India on Thursday as the latest smartwatch offering by Boat. The new wearable boasts a 1.43-inch AMOLED always-on display with Bluetooth calling support that lets wearers make and attend voice calls directly from their wrist. The smartwatch supports customised watch faces and comes with an IP68 rating for water resonance. It offers more than 700 active modes and is backed by a 300mAh battery that is claimed to deliver a battery life of up to seven days. Boat Lunar Oasis price in India, availability The Boat Lunar Oasis is priced at Rs. 3,299 and is offered in three strap options — Olive Green Magnetic Silicone Strap, Active Black Silicone Strap and Black Metal Strap. It is currently up for purchase through Boat-lifestyle.com, Flipkart and Amazon. The smartwatch comes with one year warranty. Boat Lunar Oasis specifications The Boat Lunar Oasis features a 1.43-inch AMOLED display with (466x466 pixels) 600nits brightness. The circular 2.5D screen comes with always-on support and has a crown to navigate through the UI. It runs on Cres+ OS and is powered by Boat's in-house X1 processor. The wearable has a magnetic silicone strap and has onboard GPS and turn-by-turn navigation powered by MapmyIndia to provide precise directions. It features a DIY Watch Face Studio that allows users to create customised animated watch faces that match their mood and outfit. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch Ultra Price, Specifications Leaked With the Boat Crest app, the Boat Lunar Oasis can be used to track blood oxygen saturation (SpO2) rate and heart rate. It is equipped with sensors to monitor sleep and stress. Further, the wearable has activity trackers and provides sedentary alerts. Through the app, users can add fitness buddies and create custom run plans. It provides over 700 active modes as well. The Boat Lunar Oasis features Bluetooth calling that allows users to receive and make calls directly from their watch. Wearers can receive app notifications, reply to texts, and hail an Uber through the wearable without taking out the connected phone. They can also control music and camera, get weather updates, and more through the smartwatch. It also offers Emergency SOS mode and a QR Code Tray to store the QR codes of users. Boat has given an IP68-rated exterior For the Boat Lunar Oasis to withstand sweaty workouts and rain showers. It has a 300mAh battery that is claimed to deliver up to seven days of battery life with frequent Bluetooth Calling. Boat Airdopes 800 Review    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme 13 Pro Series 5G to Launch in India with 50-Megapixel Ultra Clear Camera and AI Features" ,  Realme 13 Pro Series 5G is set to launch in India soon and it will bring an ultra-clear camera with artificial intelligence (AI) features, the company confirmed at the AI Imaging Media Preview Event held in Bangkok on Thursday. Calling it the “first professional ultra clear camera with AI”, Realme announced that the launch of its upcoming smartphone will also see the debut of the Sony LYT-701 camera sensor. Realme 13 Pro Series 5G Camera Features Realme 13 Pro Series 5G is speculated to feature two variants: Realme 13 Pro+ and Realme 13 Pro. The former is confirmed to get a dual camera setup at the back, comprising a 50-megapixel primary Sony LYT-701 camera with optical image stabilisation (OIS) and a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-600 periscope camera with 3x optical zoom capabilities. At the event, Francis Wong, Head of Product Marketing at Realme said, “While advancements in smartphone cameras have given users more flexibility and control, purely hardware-based improvements are reaching a ceiling. The future lies not just in better hardware, but in AI.” Google Pixel 9 Series Tipped to Get Ultrasonic In-Display Fingerprint Sensor The company says the smartphone's camera system is equipped with HYPERIMAGE+ – a three-layer AI imaging architecture. It will support on-device AI imaging algorithms and cloud-based AI image editing. Realme highlighted three specific AI features available on the 13 Pro Series 5G: AI Pure Bokeh, AI Natural Skin Tone, and AI Ultra Clarity. AI Pure Bokeh is claimed to produce “realistic cinematic portraits in seconds”. On the other hand, Realme says its AI Natural Skin Tone can enhance the appearance of various skin tones by providing a natural look using on-device AI processing. AI Ultra Clarity is claimed to improve low-resolution photos and restore their quality. Realme 13 Pro Series 5G also comes with an AI Smart Removal feature that can remove objects in snapshots. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Probably Won’t Launch Globally; Might Get a Thin Body


Lava Blaze X 5G Confirmed to Launch in India on This Date Realme 13 Pro+ 5G Specifications (Expected) Realme 13 Pro+ 5G is reported to sport a 6.7-inch AMOLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate. Under the hood, it may be powered by a Snapdragon 7s Gen 3 chipset, paired with up to 12GB RAM and up to 512GB storage. The handset is speculated to run on ColorOS 14 based on Android 14. It is reported to be backed by a 5,050mAh battery with support for 80W fast charging. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "South Korea Initiates Crackdown on Suspicious Crypto Activities" ,  South Korea is trying to rid its crypto sector off miscreants who are exploiting digital assets to facilitate illicit activities like money laundering. The country is conducting a crackdown on crypto activities that are coming across as suspicious or unusual on the crypto exchanges operating in the Asian nation. On Thursday, July 4, the Financial Supervisory Service of Korea released a statement alerting all crypto exchanges to ramp up transaction monitoring on their respective platforms. Seoul has directed all crypto exchanges to enter required data and details into the Virtual Asset Unfair Trade Monitoring system. This system will be fully functional in the coming days. There's no clarity yet on the details the system would require from the exchanges. This move from South Korea comes as the country's Virtual Asset User Protection Act is reportedly ready to go into effect on July 19. CoinDCX Acquires UAE-Based BitOasis Exchange to Expand in MENA Region In an official statement shared on Thursday, the FSS said these measures were urgent and important to curb instances of abnormal crypto transactions by putting them under a constant scanner. Cryptocurrencies that fail to comply with South Korea's regulatory guidelines could face operational challenges in the country. South Korea's crypto plans In June this year, the authorities of South Korea instructed all crypto exchanges to examine the cryptocurrencies listed on their respective platforms. Basel Committee Approves Crypto Disclosure Framework for Banks These crypto trading platforms were also asked to conduct a thorough maintenance review of their internal operations to identify any security or technological loopholes. To reduce the risk of financial instability that volatile crypto assets pose, South Korea also banned the purchase of cryptocurrencies through credit cards in January this year. Asian nations focussing on crypto regulations Digital assets have seen growth in Asia, owing to the culture of tech and gaming prevalent in countries like Japan, Vietnam, South Korea, and India. South Korea, under the circumstances, is not the only country that is intensifying its efforts to bring in effective laws to govern the digital assets industry. India has also implemented a bunch of regulatory mandates over crypto firms to ensure that their services and offerings are not misleading citizens into unforeseen financial losses. All crypto firms wishing to operate in India, for instance, must first secure a registration with the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU). Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida also doesn't shy from expressing support to Web3's growth and development in Japan. A report by Chainalysis in 2022 had claimed that in the second quarter of 2022, 58 percent of Web traffic from Asian nations to crypto services was NFT-related, whereas another 21 percent traffic was related to play-to-earn blockchain games.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple May Be Developing a HomePod with Touchscreen Powered by Apple Intelligence: Report" ,  Apple is said to be developing a new product – a home accessory that will run on a software variant of tvOS, according to a report. It is said to be a touchscreen version of the HomePod with displays and cameras, one which has long been rumoured to be in development. The device is speculated to be powered by Apple Intelligence – the iPhone maker's suite of artificial intelligence (AI) services that it introduced at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10. New HomePod In a report, MacRumors revealed that it had discovered a code in Apple's backend that references a new identifier category “HomeAccessory17,1”, which is speculated to be a HomePod with a touchscreen display. This suggests that the device may be powered by the A18 chip – the same SoC which is also rumoured to power the entire upcoming iPhone 16 lineup. Courtesy of this chipset, the device may get Apple Intelligence features. As per the report, this “home accessory” is speculated to run on a variant of tvOS, the operating system of Apple TV. The new OS may be named homeOS, the reference of which was previously said to be discovered in a tvOS 17.4 beta which was released in January. iOS 18 Will Introduce These Two Improvements to the Built-In Weather App In April, a tipster with the username Kosutami (@Kosutami_Ito) leaked an image of the display cover of the rumoured upcoming HomePod, suggesting that the device may have a touchscreen LCD screen surrounded by the speaker. It is speculated to display information – such as media playback controls and incoming notifications. This development builds upon the prediction by TF Securities International analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who suggested that the Cupertino-based tech giant may launch a HomePod with a 7-inch touchscreen display in 2024. It was theorised to compete against devices such as Amazon's Echo Show and Google's Nest Hub. At the time, Kuo said that Tianma would be the sole supplier of the purported HomePod. While it was speculated to come out in H1 2024, Apple has not released any similar device so far. ChatGPT for macOS Fixes Flaw That Stored Conversations Without Encryption


Undiscovered Vulnerabilities Put Millions of iOS and macOS Apps at Risk However, there are two Apple events still planned for the year, and the rumoured touchscreen HomePod may yet still launch this year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel 9 Series Phones Tipped to Get Ultrasonic In-Display Fingerprint Sensors" ,  Google Pixel 9 series is set for launch on August 13. The new phones are expected to succeed the Google Pixel 8 and Pixel 8 Pro handsets. However, alongside the anticipated base and Pro models, the upcoming lineup is likely to include a Pixel 9 Pro XL variant. Details about the purported smartphones have done rounds of the rumour mill over the past few weeks. Now, a report suggests that the Pixel 9 series phones will come with an upgrade in the fingerprint scanner department. Google Pixel 9 series fingerprint sensor (expected) The Google Pixel 9 series smartphones are expected to be equipped with an ultrasonic in-display fingerprint sensor, according to an Android Authority report. The exact sensor, Qualcomm's 3D Sonic Gen 2 (QFS4008), is the same one used in the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra, the report claimed. Ultrasonic in-display fingerprint sensors are claimed to be faster and more accurate than optical sensors. They are also said to work better if the users' fingers are wet or a little dusty and they don't need a part of the display to light up to work. India-Made Google Pixel Phones Will Reportedly Be Exported to Europe, US Although the report did not specify the exact models, it noted that ultrasonic in-display fingerprint scanners would feature in all models but the Pixel 9 Pro Fold. The rumoured foldable smartphone is tipped to get a side-mounted fingerprint sensor, placed on the power button. Google Pixel 9 Might Tell You More About Your Screenshots With This AI Feature


Google Pixel 9 Series Set to Launch in India on This Date Google Pixel 9 series features (expected) The Google Pixel 9 series phones are likely to be powered by Tensor G4 SoCs and ship with Android 15. The base Pixel 9 handset may get a 6.24-inch AMOLED screen, while the Pro and XL variants are tipped to sport 6.34-inch and 6.73-inch AMOLED screens, respectively. Notably, the vanilla Google Pixel 9 was recently leaked in a pink colour option with a pill-shaped rear camera module.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Could Reportedly Skip Global Markets; Might Debut as Thinnest Foldable" ,  Xiaomi's Mix Fold 4 is said to be in the works as the Mix Fold 3 successor. As we wait for the official launch announcement, a prominent tipster claims that the upcoming foldable will be released in the global markets. But another media report contradicts this rumour.  Xiaomi's previous foldable offerings have only been available for purchase in Chinese markets. In addition to the phone's availability, details about its design have also surfaced. The Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 is said to come with an extremely thin profile. Xiaomi allegedly intends to offer the Mix Fold 4 globally Tipster Ice Universe (@UniverseIce) on X opined that the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 will be released in global markets outside China. It is said to have a 9.xmm thick profile and is claimed to debut as the narrowest foldable phone. It is likely to go against the likes of Honor's Magic V3 which is set to go official on July 12. However, a GizmoChina report, citing internal sources, states that Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 will not be released in global markets. It reportedly has model numbers '24072PX77C' and '24076PX3BC'. The former is said to belong to the satellite communication version of the device, while the latter reportedly comes without satellite communication. The letter C at the end of the model numbers could be exclusive to China. The device reportedly has the codename 'goku' and internal model number 'N18'. Redmi Note 14 Pro Early Leak Suggests 50-Megapixel Main Camera Xiaomi's first clamshell foldable phone — Mix Flip — is said to debut in global markets. Unfortunately, the brand has not revealed any details about the availability of its forthcoming foldable. So, it is safe to consider these details with a pinch of salt. The previous three iterations of the Mix Fold were limited to China. If the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 has global availability, it should compete head-on with Samsung's upcoming Galaxy Z Fold 6, which is launching on July 10. Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 specifications (expected) Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 is anticipated to make its debut later this month. As per past leaks, it will be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC and have an IPX8 rating for water resistance. It is tipped to feature a 50-megapixel primary rear camera, supported by a Leica Summilux lens. Xiaomi 14 Civi Review: Homecoming Xiaomi is expected to pack a 5,000mAh battery on the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 with support for wireless charging. 




title = "Google Photos Locked Folder Location Shifted for Improved Access" ,  Google Photos has been updated with a small but notable change to tabs and tiles within the mobile app on iOS and Android smartphones. The position of the Locked Folder been changed within the app, which should make it more accessible to users. Google has made it easier for users to access the secure folder, which was buried deep within other tabs and sub-sections, prior to the latest update. The access to a few other folders and tabs has also been modified to accommodate the change on the Android and iOS versions of the app. Google Photos updates Locked Folder location The Locked Folder in Google Photos can now be accessed directly from the Library tab. It is listed alongside Favourites, Archive, and Trash to offer easier access. This folder is visible in place of where the Utilities folder used to appear.  Google Photos Locked Folder position with new update  Notably, previously, the Locked Folder would have to be navigated through the Utilities folder. It would need multiple clicks to access and offered considerably more privacy. That made the existence of such a folder less apparent. Google Reportedly Brings Pixel’s Magic Editor to Samsung Phones This reorganisation is rolling out to several users with the latest versions of the app for Android and iOS, and was initially spotted by 9to5Google. However, it is yet to be enabled on Gadgets 360 staff members' smartphones at the time of publishing. Other Google Photos options get reorganised The Google Photos update that changed the position of the Locked Folder also moved around a few other options within the application, according to the publication. Most of the sections and functionalities previously stored within the Utilities folder, can now be accessed through the plus button on the top bar. Google Photos May Introduce a New Cinematic Feature Soon, Suggests Report


Google Photos to Let Users Free up Cloud Storage Space This Way: Report Within this section, users can access functions for creating new albums, collages, highlight videos, cinematic photos or animations. The Share with a partner and Import photos options can also be found under the same section, according to the report.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iOS 18 Will Reportedly Introduce Two Improvements to the Built-In Weather App" ,  iOS 18 was unveiled by Apple at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 last month. During the event, the Cupertino-based tech giant showcased several new features that will arrive with its next major update to the iPhone operating system. However, some features which were not mentioned at the event are now being discovered. A report has now spotted two new features in the Weather app. One of the features is said to provide a minor design tweak and bring the ‘Feels Like' temperature where users can easily spot it. iOS 18 Weather app improvements 9to5Mac has identified two new updates to the Weather app on iOS 18 that could improve its usability. According to images shared by the publication, the ‘Feels Like' temperature will now be shown more prominently underneath the actual temperature on the top of the app's interface. This will be a marked improvement from its current positioning as users have to scroll down to see this metric. ‘Feels Like' will reportedly be shown in a different size and font style to make it easy to differentiate.  New position of the 'Feels Like' temperature in the iOS 18 Weather appPhoto Credit: 9to5Mac  ‘Feels Like' temperature is a measure of how hot or cold the weather actually feels, as opposed to the objective air temperature recorded by weather stations. This incorporates several factors such as the effect of relative humidity, wind speed, and air temperature to reveal what an individual would really perceive the temperature to be. With this upgrade to the Weather app, users can see both values at the same time. Apple's Game Porting Toolkit 2.0 Helps Bring Windows Games to iPhone, iPad The publication states that the ‘Feels Like' temperature will only be visible when there is a significant difference between it and the real value of the air temperature. In case the difference is minor or none, users will only see the former. iOS 18 Will Introduce These India-Focused Features Later This Year


Some iPhone Users Can Now Send RCS Messages Following iOS 18 Update The second feature will reportedly allow users to check the weather in both their home and work locations. The iOS 18 update will allow the Weather app to integrate with Contacts and let it pull home and work addresses. In the app, users will see these as new locations to their list of tracked weather spots for convenience, as per the report. Earlier, users would have to manually add these locations to check their weather updates. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro India Launch Date Set for July 12; Design, Colours, Key Specifications Revealed" ,  Oppo Reno 12 5G series will be launched by the company in India later this month. The lineup will include the standard Oppo Reno 12 5G and the Reno 12 Pro 5G. These phones were initially unveiled in China in May, followed by a global launch last month. Now the company has announced the India launch date of the handsets. It has also revealed the design of the Reno 12 series and confirmed the colour options and key features of both models. They will arrive as the successors to the Oppo Reno 11 5G lineup, which was introduced in the country in January. Oppo Reno 12 5G, Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G India launch date, design, colour options confirmed The upcoming Oppo Reno 12 5G and the Reno 12 Pro 5G will be launched in India on July 12 at 12pm IST. The company previously confirmed that the phones will be available in the country via Flipkart and the Oppo India website. The Indian variants of the Oppo Reno 12 5G series phones appear to have similar designs as their Chinese and global counterparts. The triple rear camera units are arranged vertically, housed in a slightly, raised rectangular module in the top left corner. The handsets are also seen with glossy finishes. Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro Make Global Debut: Price, Specifications The company has confirmed that the base Oppo Reno 12 5G will be offered in three colour options — Astro Silver, Matte Brown and Sunset Peach, while the Reno 12 Pro 5G will come in Space Brown and Sunset Gold shades. Oppo Reno 12 5G, Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G features The Indian variant of the Oppo Reno 12 5G series smartphones will sport 6.7-inch full-HD+ Flexible AMOLED screens with a 120Hz refresh rate and 1,200 nits of peak brightness. The base variant will have Gorilla Glass 7i, while the Pro version will get Corning Gorilla Glass Victus 2 protection. The Oppo Reno 12 5G and Reno 12 Pro 5G will arrive in India with a MediaTek Dimensity 7300-Energy chipset with support for artificial intelligence-backed features like the AI Clear Face, AI Writer, AI Recording Summary, and AI Eraser 2.0. They will each pack a 5,000mAh battery with support for 80W SuperVOOC charging. Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro With 50-Megapixel Front Cameras Launched Both handsets in the Oppo Reno 12 5G series will feature a 50-megapixel primary sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support alongside an 8-megapixel sensor with an ultra-wide lens. The vanilla model will have a 2-megapixel macro shooter as the third sensor, whereas the Pro variant will hold a 50-megapixel telephoto camera with 2x optical zoom and up to 20x digital zoom. Oppo Reno 12F 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC Goes Official The base model will have a 32-megapixel front camera, while the Pro version will feature a 50-megapixel selfie shooter. Both Oppo Reno 12 5G phones will support Oppo's AI LinkBoost technology and come with 1P65-rated builds for dust and splash resistance.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Threads Has 175 Million Monthly Active Users After a Year, Mark Zuckerberg Says India Among Most Active Markets" ,  Threads has crossed the 175 million user mark, a year after the platform was launched as an alternative to X (formerly known as Twitter). The microblogging service owned by Meta was launched on July 6 last year. Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg also revealed that India has emerged as one of its most active markets. In an blog post published on Thursday, the social networking giant shared that Indian users regularly use Threads to share their thoughts and opinions on a wide array of topics. While Meta announced on Thursday that Threads has onboarded over 175 million monthly active users, it did not share the number of its users from India or other country-specific user statistics. The service now has 50 million topic tags, according to the Facebook parent firm. Indians among most active users on Threads According to details shared by Meta on Thursday, Indian users were among the most active on Threads. The platform has also outlined popular topics of engagement and discussions on the microblogging platform. Basel Committee Approves Crypto Disclosure Framework for Banks Topics around films, television, OTT content, and sports garnered most engagement from Indian users on Threads. In addition, conversations around celebrities also fetched attention from users in the country. Meta also notes that on Threads users from India are more likely to tag another account in their posts and add video clips to the content, compared to users from other countries. Meta added a distinct mention about the craze of cricket in India, which finds its way to social networking apps like Threads, in the backdrop of national and international matches, including the IPL, the T20 Cricket World Cup, IPL, and Women's Premier League 2024. Mudrex, KoinX Partner to Process Crypto Taxes for Users in India Content creators from India are also exploring Threads, Meta claimed. “We've seen creators using Threads to post about a different interest area or niche,” its post said, pointing out that fashion, memes, and diary entry format of content is becoming popular on Threads from India. Threads marks one-year anniversary Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg launched Threads on July 6 last year and the platform was designed as a microblogging service, much like its competitor X, currently owned by Elon Musk. Zuckerberg had tied Threads to Instagram at launch, given that the latter reportedly has an estimated 2.4 billion active users. This helped the app gain a large number of users when it was launched. According to data on Google Play as of Thursday, Threads has been downloaded over 100 million times on Android devices. The app has a of 4.2-star rating (out of five stars), based on more than 500,000 reviews. The company has also been rolling out new features on a regular basis. In May, the platform was updated with multi-column feeds on the desktop version of Threads. Threads is also testing an automatic archiving feature for posts to help users hide previous posts.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Lava Blaze X 5G Set for Launch in India Next Week, Teaser Shows 64-Megapixel Camera" ,  Lava Blaze X 5G will launch in India next week, the company announced via social media on Wednesday. The handset was first teased last month but no details regarding its specifications or the launch timeline were revealed. Lava's upcoming smartphone is speculated to feature a 64-megapixel camera and up to 16GB RAM, according to a teaser. A microsite dedicated to its launch has also been created on Amazon. Lava Blaze X 5G Specifications (Expected) In a post on X (formerly Twitter), Lava shared the release date of the Blaze X 5G along with a short teaser video, revealing a couple of its features. The smartphone will launch on July 10 at 12pm IST. Once launched, it will be available for purchase exclusively on Amazon during the Prime Day sale, which is scheduled to take place between July 20 and July 21. Lava Blaze X 5G is seen with a circular camera module at the back, housing dual cameras and an LED flash. It also appears to have a text engraved in the camera unit which says “64MP”, which could denote the primary sensor. Furthermore, the teaser suggests it may come with up to 16GB RAM, with 8GB physical RAM and an option to further add 8GB RAM virtually. Xhilarating. Xtreme.#BlazeX - Launching on 10.07.24, 12 PM#LavaMobiles #ProudlyIndian pic.twitter.com/Uflw1hMCi5— Lava Mobiles (@LavaMobile) July 3, 2024 Although exact specifications remain unclear, the handset is seen sporting a curved display on the front with a hole-punch cutout for the front camera. The power and volume buttons appear to be on the right side of the smartphone, whereas the speaker grill, SIM tray and USB Type-C port may be at the bottom. The frame of the handset appears to have a metal build. As per the teaser images, it may be available in two colourways: grey and black/blue. As the name suggests, the smartphone will come with 5G connectivity. When launched, the Lava Blaze X 5G is expected to join other smartphones in the company's Blaze lineup such as Blaze Curve, Blaze 2 and the Blaze 2 Pro. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy M35 5G India Launch Confirmed, to Arrive Later This Month" ,  Samsung Galaxy M35 5G will launch in India later this month, the company confirmed on Thursday. Earlier this week, an Amazon banner teased the smartphone's launch, leading people to believe that it would arrive during the Amazon Prime Day Sale 2024. However, the South Korean tech giant has now revealed that the phone will be introduced on July 17. Alongside the launch date, the company also revealed some of the specifications of the handset. Just like the global variant, the India model will also be equipped with the Exynos 1380 chipset. Samsung Galaxy M35 5G India Launch Confirmed In a press release, the South Korean tech giant said the smartphone will be launched on July 17. The price and sale date of the Samsung Galaxy M35 5G were not disclosed, however. The company also revealed some of its specifications. On the basis of the information shared, it appears the smartphone will not get any significant upgrades apart from the chipset. Samsung Galaxy M35 5G Specifications The Samsung Galaxy M35 5G will become the first M-series smartphone to feature Corning Gorilla Glass Victus+ protection, the company confirmed. It will also feature an Infinity-O (HID) sAMOLED display with 120Hz refresh and 1,000 nits of peak brightness. Just like the global variant, the Indian model will also be equipped with the 5nm Exynos 1380 chipset. The handset will also get a vapour cooling chamber for heat dissipation. For optics, the Galaxy M35 5G will get a triple rear camera setup with a 50-megapixel primary sensor. While details about the other sensors were not disclosed, the global variant sports an 8-megapixel ultra wide-angle camera and a 2-megapixel macro shooter. On the front, the global variant comes with a 13-megapixel front camera for selfies and video calls. Notably, the Samsung Galaxy M34 also carried the same camera specifications. The company revealed several camera features as well. The Galaxy M35 will come with Nightography mode to capture portraits and videos in low-light conditions. It will also get an Astrolapse feature that will let users create time-lapse videos of the night sky. As per Samsung, the smartphone will also get the Knox security platform and its Knox Vault. Further, the Galaxy M35 will be backed by a 6,000mAh battery along with a 25W wired charging solution.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel Smartphones Manufactured in India to be Exported to Europe, US: Report" ,  Google is planning to make India its production hub for Pixel smartphones and will export them to Europe and the US, according to a report. The company is expected to unveil the Google Pixel 9 series on August 13 in an event. A percentage of these devices that will be made available in Europe will reportedly be made in India. Two different manufacturing firms are said to be handling the production of these devices. It is also said that Google will make a formal announcement regarding the new development in the coming months. Google to export India-made Pixel phones to the US, Europe Citing a source familiar with the matter, a Moneycontrol report states that the tech giant has already started trial production of the devices in Tamil Nadu with Foxconn. Notably, Foxconn also manufactures iPhone units for Apple in India. The publication states that Google is planning to set up India as a key export hub for its Pixel smartphone lineup. These devices will initially be exported to Europe and later they will also fulfil the demand in the US. Gemini App Might Let You Talk to AI in Two Separate Windows Simultaneously The tech giant has reportedly contracted Dixon Technologies' subsidiary Paget Electronics and Taiwan-based Foxconn While the latter is said to handle the standard models, Foxconn will manufacture the 'Pro' models. An announcement from Google regarding this is expected in the second half of the year, as per the report. It is said that most of the manufactured units will be kept aside for exports as the demand for Pixel smartphones in India is quite low. Local manufacturing will also allow Google to take advantage of the government's production-linked incentive programme (PLI) which offers companies a percentage of their incremental sales back as a cash incentive. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold Tipped to Support Improved Split-Screen Mode


Google Maps Could Make Travelling to Same Destination Easier for Groups Meanwhile, the tech giant is gearing up to launch the Google Pixel 9 series next month. According to a report, the smartphone series could arrive with new artificial intelligence (AI) features under a new Google AI branding. The speculated new features include screenshot feature which will let Google use AI technology to provide information about the screenshots a user captures, a Best Take feature that adds missing people in group photos, and Studio which appears to be an image generation tool. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Redmi K70 Ultra May Come with 16GB RAM, Reveals Geekbench Listing Ahead of China Launch" ,  Redmi K70 Ultra, also known as Redmi K70 Supreme Edition, is expected to launch in China soon. Ahead of its official debut, the smartphone has reportedly appeared on benchmarking platform Geekbench. Its listing hints at several specifications of the handset, including its processor, RAM and architecture. This development comes a week after a company executive shared details about the Redmi K70 Ultra's durability rating on a Chinese social media platform. Redmi K70 Ultra's Geekbench Listing According to a report, the Geekench listing suggests Redmi K70 Ultra may come with 16GB RAM, out of which 14.84GB would be usable. It is speculated to get an octa-core processor under the hood, with four cores clocked at 2.0 GHz, three cores capped at 2.85GGHz and a single core having a peak clock speed of 3.4GHz. The chipset is claimed to have an ARMv8 64-bit architecture and a Rothko motherboard. As per the listing, the Redmi K70 Ultra may come with model number 2407FRK8EC. The smartphone is said to have scored 2218 points in single-core and 7457 points in multi-core tests. Realme GT 6 Key Specifications, Colourways Confirmed Ahead of China Launch Wang Teng Thomas, General Manager of Redmi recently confirmed via a post on Weibo that the upcoming smartphone will be equipped with an IP68 rating against water and dust ingress, meaning it can stay submerged in fresh water at a maximum depth of up to 1.5 metres and up to 30 minutes. Redmi K70 Ultra Specifications (Expected) Redmi K70 Ultra may be powered by MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ SoC, according to tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese). This would bring “Supreme Performance and Comprehensive AI”. Vivo Y03t, Vivo Watch 3 May Launch Globally Soon; Seen on Certification Sites


Motorola Razr 50 Ultra With 4-Inch Outer Screen, IPX8 Rating Debuts in India The handset is said to sport an 8T LTPO display with 1.5K resolution and HDR capabilities. The screen may support up to 2,600 nits of peak brightness and a refresh rate of 144Hz. In terms of optics, it may get a 50-megapixel Sony LYTIA 800 primary camera with optical image stabilization (OIS) alongside a 108-megapixel ultrawide lens. It is speculated to be backed by a 5,500mAh battery and would support 120W fast charging. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Updates Game Porting Toolkit With Support for Bringing Mac Game Ports to iPhone, iPad" ,  Apple unveiled several new features coming to macOS Sequoia later this year, during its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC 2024) last month, including an updated version of the company's Game Porting Toolkit. The tool is designed to help developers bring popular AAA titles designed for Windows and enable them to run on macOS. Later this year, Apple's Game Porting Toolkit 2.0 will arrive with support for iOS and iPadOS as well, which means that games ported to run on Mac computers as well as iPhone and iPad. Game Porting Toolkit on macOS Sequoia to enable porting games to iOS, iPadOS At WWDC, Apple announced that macOS Sequoia would be rolled out to users later this year, along with support for Game Porting Toolkit 2.0, which would arrive with new features. 9to5Mac spotted more details revealed in a WWDC 2024 session, that confirms that developers will soon be able to bring games from fpr PC to iPhone and iPad. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  The original version of Apple's Game Porting Toolkit allows developers to port games from Windows to macOS, with support for converting DirectX graphics (used on Windows games) to its macOS equivalent — MetalFX. Assassin's Creed Mirage, Other Triple-A Games Sold Poorly on iPhone: Report When Game Porting Toolkit 2.0 arrives later this year, game developers will be able to port their games to macOS, and then port those games to iOS and iPadOS. These titles are also likely to offer similar functionality on mobile as their macOS counterparts, including support for controllers and Spatial Audio while using compatible Apple accessories and speakers. One notable omission in terms of platforms to be supported is Apple TV. The company's recent models are equipped with powerful processors, such as the A15 Bionic chip, which means they should be capable of running some games that would be compatible with the iPhone 13, which is equipped with the same processor. Undiscovered Vulnerabilities Put Millions of iOS and macOS Apps at Risk


Apple Vision Pro Now Allows Alternative Payment Options in the EU


iOS 17.6 Developer Beta 2 Brings New Catch Up Feature to Beta Testers


Apple is Reportedly Making it Easier to Replace iPhone Batteries Developers who want to test out the latest version of the toolkit can download the latest beta versions of macOS Sequoia. Apple's Game Porting Toolkit 2.0 will be launched later this year when macOS Sequoia is rolled out to eligible Mac models, alongside iOS 18, iPadOS 18, watchOS 11, and tvOS 18. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 Design, Key Features Leak Ahead of July 10 Launch" ,  Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 is set to launch on July 10 alongside the Galaxy Z Flip 6. The company has yet to reveal details about the foldable smartphones but they have surfaced in leaked renders and reports several times over the past few weeks. A tipster has now shared leaked promotional images showing the handsets' design and specifications. The leak also reveals some key features that the phones are likely to come with, like an Interpreter Mode and support for Google's Circle to Search. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 design (expected) Tipster Evan Blass (@evleaks) on Thursday leaked marketing materials for the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and the Galaxy Z Flip 6 that list their key features. The book-style Galaxy Z Fold 6 appears in a Silver Shadow colourway and is claimed to be slim and lightweight. The triple rear camera unit is arranged vertically in the top left corner within a slightly raised, pill-shaped module. The right edge of the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 is seen with the power button and volume rocker, while the hole-punch selfie camera slot is placed centrally at the top of the cover display. Samsung Offers Pre-Order Reservations in India Ahead of Galaxy Unpacked  Leaked images of the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 (left) and Galaxy Z Flip 6 (right)Photo Credit: Evleaks  Meanwhile, the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 appears in a light blue shade with a dual rear camera unit arranged horizontally in two different units on the top left corner. It also sports a fold-shaped cover display. The front camera slot is placed within a centred hole-punch slot towards the top of the main display. Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 Key Features Leak Ahead of July 10 Launch The Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 has also been tipped to come in at least four colour options - blue, mint, silver and yellow. Both of these upcoming foldable Samsung handsets are claimed to have IP48-rated builds for dust and splash resistance as well as Corning Gorilla Glass Victus 2 protection, according to the leaked promotional materials. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 features (expected) The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 is likely to sport a 7.6-inch QXGA+ Dynamic AMOLED 2X primary display with a 120Hz refresh rate and a 6.3-inch Dynamic AMOLED 2X cover screen, while the Galaxy Z Flip 6 is expected to get a 6.6-inch 120Hz full-HD+ Dynamic AMOLED 2X main display and a 3.4-inch IPS outer panel. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Flip 6 Price Leak May Spell Bad News for Buyers Both phones are seen with unspecified octa-core chipsets and 12GB of RAM on the marketing material. The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 appears with 512GB of onboard storage, while the Galaxy Z Flip 6 is listed with 256GB of inbuilt storage. The phones are also said to run on Android 14-based One UI 5. In the camera department, the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 is tipped to get a 50-megapixel sensor with a wide-angle lens, a 12-megapixel ultra-wide shooter and a 10-megapixel telephoto camera with up to 3x optical zoom at the back. The front camera on the cover screen is likely to hold a 10-megapixel sensor. The Galaxy Z Flip 6 is expected to feature a 50-megapixel and a 12-megapixel sensor at the back and a 10-megapixel sensor at the front. The Galaxy Z Fold 6 is likely to be backed by a 4,400mAh battery, while the Galaxy Z Flip 6 is tipped to get a 4,000mAh battery. The phones are also claimed to support dual nano SIMs, eSIM, USB Type-C, NFC, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 5.3 connectivity. The Galaxy Z Fold 6 is claimed to weigh 239g and measure 153.5 x 68.1 x 12.1mm when folded and 153.5 x 132.6 x 5.6mm when unfolded. The leaked material also suggests that the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 will likely weigh 187g and measure 85.1 x 71.9 x 14.9mm when folded and 165.1 x 71.9 x 6.9mm when unfolded. The phones are also expected to support features like Interpreter Mode and Google's Circle to Search. The Galaxy Z Fold 6 is also to be equipped with AI-backed Note Assist, while the Galaxy Z Flip 6 is said to get AI-backed Chat Assist.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp for Android and iOS Reportedly Testing a Dedicated Video Note Mode for Camera" ,  WhatsApp may be testing a new dedicated video note mode for camera on both Android and iOS platforms, according to a feature tracker. This feature may allow WhatsApp users to record and share video notes directly from the camera interface. As per the claims, the video note mode was spotted in a beta version of the app on Android as well as iOS platforms. It could build upon the new shortcut button for video notes that was reported in another WhatsApp beta update. Video Note Mode on WhatsApp According to feature tracker WABetaInfo, a dedicated mode for recording video notes may appear in the camera interface alongside the existing Video and Photo options. It is said to have been spotted in the beta build of WhatsApp.  Dedicated Video Note Tab on WhatsAppPhoto Credit: WABetaInfo On Android, the app version is claimed to be 2.24.14.14 via the Google Play Beta program. Whereas on iOS, the feature is present in WhatsApp for iOS version 24.13.10.76, which can be signed up for through the TestFlight Program. WhatsApp introduced Instant Video Notes in 2023, enabling users to record and send 60-second video messages to others directly in chat. The platform recently started testing a new shortcut button to quickly reply to video notes. With the dedicated video notes option in the camera tab, it is speculated to make the process of sharing video notes more seamless. Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to verify the availability of this feature on WhatsApp beta for Android. This change is said to bring an alternative way to send video notes, with the other one being long pressing on the camera icon in a specific chat. Imagine Me on WhatsApp The instant messaging platform recently rolled out Meta AI – the company's artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot in India. Now, it is reported to be developing an AI feature which may let users generate images of themselves via prompts. WhatsApp is speculated to prompt users to upload a handful of reference selfies when they first opt into the feature. WhatsApp Now Lets You Create Events in Group Chats on iPhone


WhatsApp for Android Might Soon Let You Pick The Llama Model for Meta AI


WhatsApp for Android May Get a New In-App Dialler in the Calls Tab The feature – dubbed ‘Imagine Me' – was spotted in the WhatsApp beta for the Android 2.24.14.13 update. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "ChatGPT macOS App Spotted Storing Conversations in Plain Text; OpenAI Reportedly Rolls Out Update" ,  ChatGPT for macOS was released for last week by OpenAI. Days after the app was launched, a developer has claimed that the app had a security flaw that would make it easier for a bad actor with access to the device to steal information related to user's queries and the chatbot's responses, as the ChatGPT app was allegedly storing previous conversations in plain text in a non-secure environment, which led to the issue. However, a report on Wednesday stated that OpenAI has rolled out an update that fixes the problem. ChatGPT macOS app released with security flaw Developer Pedro José Pereira Vieito on Monday shared a post on Threads, highlighting the vulnerability. He also claimed that the ChatGPT app did not use the standard macOS sandbox that protects app data and user information, and all the past conversations were stored in plain text which could easily be accessed by malware or a bad actor attacking the device. Post by @pvieitoView on Threads Sandboxing is a standard security mechanism which ensures that an app runs in an isolated and secure environment on a device. This system enables developers to protect app data and user information away from other apps, along with using encryption for security while it is on a user's device. In a separate post, the developer highlighted that macOS has blocked access to any private data ever since macOS Mojave was released in 2018, when sandboxing is used. As a result, all apps running on the operating system need explicit user permission before they can access user data from another app. OpenAI’s Advanced Voice Mode Feature for ChatGPT Has Been Delayed Vieito said the reason ChatGPT did not have these safeguards built into the app, was because “OpenAI chose to opt-out of the sandbox and store the conversations in plain text in a non-protected location, disabling all of these built-in defences.” OpenAI's ChatGPT App for macOS Now Available For All Users


AI Deals Between Microsoft and OpenAI, Google and Samsung, Under EU Scanner Meanwhile, The Verge reports that the company has released an update for the app that resolves this issue. This update is said to encrypt the chats to protect them from easily being accessed. In a statement to the publication, OpenAI spokesperson Taya Christianson said, “We are aware of this issue and have shipped a new version of the application which encrypts these conversations.” .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Netflix May Have Removed Its Cheapest Ad-Free Plan for Existing Subscribers in Select Markets" ,  Netflix removed its Basic ad-free plan for new subscribers in the US and the UK last year. Prior to the discontinuation, it was the cheapest way for subscribers to watch content on Netflix without ads. Now, the change is said to be introduced for existing users too, according to claims on social media. This development comes amidst reports that the video-streaming service may introduce a free but ad-supported plan in select regions. Basic Plan Discontinued In a post on the Netflix subreddit, user @MeltedInk8624 shared a screenshot showing a notification from Netflix requesting them to switch plans. The Basic plan appears to be missing from the list, with the ‘Standard with ads' plan being the most affordable option to watch Netflix, priced at $6.99 (roughly Rs. 580) per month. Captioning the post, the user wrote, “So you're telling me that even after getting a plan that's paid monthly, they locked certain shows behind a paywall??! Im [sic] already paying for this service why do I need to pay more?!” JioCinema Premium Annual Plan Silently Launched in India at This Price If users do not wish to watch ads, they can subscribe to the more expensive Standard or Premium plans, priced at $15.49 (roughly Rs. 1,300) and $ 22.99 (roughly Rs. 1,900) per month, respectively, in the US. While the Standard plan offers streaming in Full HD with support for watching on two devices simultaneously, Premium plan subscribers can watch on up to four devices together in 4K. Netflix says the ad-supported plan is its most popular option among users. According to Amy Reinhard, Netflix's President of Advertising, this ad-based plan currently has 40 million active users globally, compared to the 5 million user mark last year. Furthermore, in countries where it is available, 40 percent of all Netflix's sign-ups come from the ad-supported plan. The Basic plan is still visible to existing Netflix subscribers in India, which may suggest that the change hasn't been introduced in the country yet. Sharmajee Ki Beti and Other Binge-Worthy OTT Releases This Week Free Netflix Plan This development comes amidst a report that Netflix may introduce an ad-supported free-to-watch plan in certain regions. The video-streaming platform is said to have discussed offering a free plan in Asian and European markets where other TV networks also have free plans. The report suggested that this move aimed at increasing the streaming platform's audience, citing people familiar with the matter. YouTube May Soon Let Users Set Custom Thumbnails for Playlists If it indeed does launch, it would be the second time that Netflix will experiment with free-to-watch plans, following the introduction of a similar plan in Kenya in 2021 for Android smartphones. However, this plan was rolled back a year later. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Honor MagicPad 2 Design, Colour Options Teased; Specifications Leaked Ahead of China Debut" ,  Honor MagicPad 2 is scheduled to launch in China on July 12, alongside other flagship products such as the Magic V3 and Magic Vs3. Ahead of its official debut, Honor has commenced the pre-booking of the tablet, which reveals several specifications of the tablet including its display size and storage configurations. This development comes just a month after the Chinese company launched the Honor 200 series in the global markets. Honor MagicPad 2 pre-booking begins in China According to the official website, Honor MagicPad 2 will be equipped with a 12.3-inch display. It will be available in four configurations: 8GB+256GB, 12GB+256GB, 12GB+512GB, and 16GB+1TB. The tablet is said to come with Wi-Fi support. While its pricing has not been revealed, Honor says customers can pre-book it by paying CNY 100 (roughly Rs. 1,100). With this, they will receive a limited-edition gift box with USB Type-C headphones and an additional year of broken screen replacement. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Tipped to Arrive in These Two Models As per the company, Honor MagicPad 2 will come with AI defocus technology supporting 4,320Hz high-frequency PWM dimming – a technology which was first showcased at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2024 last month. Honor says the AI Defocus Eye Protection can decrease users' transient myopia by 13 degrees on average after using it for 25 minutes. The same technology will also be offered in Honor Magic V3 and V3s foldable smartphones. Honor MagicPad 2 specifications (Rumoured) According to tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese), the tablet will sport a 12.3-inch OLED display with a 3K resolution and a 144Hz refresh rate. It is tipped to be powered by the Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset. Honor Magic V3, Magic Vs3, MagicPad 2 and More Set to Launch on This Date


Realme Pad 3 Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website; Launch Appears Imminent As per the teaser images, the back of the Honor MagicPad 2 appears to have a single camera setup with an LED flash in a vertical camera module. It may be available in three colour options: Moonlight, Starry Sky Black, and a shade of white (unnamed) — these colour options have been . .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Basel Committee of Banking Supervision Approves Crypto Asset Disclosure Framework for Banks" ,  The relationship between cryptocurrencies and centralised banking systems is currently at a nascent stage, with a lack of integration between their operations. In order to change the status quo, the Basel Committee of Banking Supervision (BCBS), which sets global banking standards, has taken an important step, approving a new ‘disclosure framework' that will detail how banks can disclose their crypto asset exposure. Crypto assets are volatile and financially risky in nature. Therefore, their association with traditional banking systems is being met with scrutiny around the world. The BCBS has laid out some guidelines for banks to adhere to, while engaging with crypto assets, in order to maintain financial security. BCBS approves crypto asset disclosure framework The disclosure framework approved by BCBS directs banks to maintain public records of their crypto engagements and their exposure to these risky assets. “These disclosures aim to enhance information availability and support market discipline. The framework will be published later this month, with an implementation date of 1 January 2026,” the BCBS said in its official statement. CoinDCX Acquires UAE-Based BitOasis Exchange to Expand in MENA Region The Basel Committee comprises 45 members including India, Australia, China, the EU, Germany, Italy, and Japan among others. The guidelines issued by the BCBS, hence, will be deployed across banks located within these regions. The BCBS has been mulling over rules to govern the relationship between banks and crypto assets for at least two years. In 2022, the organisation had released a public consultation on banks' disclosure of crypto asset exposures. Now, however, the BCBS has approved some stablecoin-focused revisions to this document. Crypto Hacks Reportedly Led to $176 Million in Losses in June Stablecoins are those crypto assets that are backed by traditional assets like fiat currencies or gold. They are less likely to be affected by volatile changes in the market, compared to other cryptocurrencies. Members of the BCBS have discussed the implications of banks becoming issuers of stablecoins, noting that the committee still finds the deed risky but is ready to monitor developments in the area. BCBS' future plans to regulate banks and crypto assets In the coming times, the committee will be holding consultations on the management of risks posed by third-party companies that could find themselves linked to the bank and crypto relationship. The organisation is also looking to open dialogues around climate-related financial risks. The findings of these consultations will be published later this month, according to the BCBS.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 6 Key Specifications, Colourways Revealed Officially Ahead of China Launch; Spotted on TENAA" ,  Realme GT 6 is all set to go official in the Chinese market on July 7. As the launch date is approaching, Realme has dropped several teasers on Weibo revealing the key specifications and design of its new flagship. The Chinese variant of Realme GT 6 is powered by the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 and it gets a new display by BOE. It is confirmed to come with a 5,800mAh battery with 120W charging support. Additionally, the handset has been spotted on the TENAA website with model number RMX3800. The Realme GT 6 is already available in India and select global markets. Realme GT 6 key specifications teased Latest teasers posted by Realme on Weibo confirm that the forthcoming Realme GT 6 will get a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chip and S1+ 8T LTPO display by BOE, covered by a newly developed crystal armour glass for protecting from scratches. This new screen is claimed to improve touch accuracy and performance in low brightness. The display is touted to deliver 6,000nits of peak brightness and 1,600nits in auto mode. The Realme GT 6 is confirmed to be available in Light Year White and Storm Purple (translated from Chinese) colour options. Realme will launch a special Moon Exploration edition of the device with a black finish and star track texture design. Realme Pad 3 Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website; Launch Appears Imminent The upcoming Realme GT 6 is teased to house a 5,800 dual-cell Silicon-Carbon battery with 120W SuperVOOC charging support. The battery is claimed to have a durability of four years while the fast-charging technology is claimed to charge the battery from 0 to 50 percent in just 12 minutes. For comparison, the variant launched in India has a 5,500mAh battery with the same 120W fast charging support. Realme GT 6 surfaces on TENAA Additionally, A new Realme phone with the model number RMX3800 has appeared on TENAA. This model, which could be the Chinese edition of Realme GT 6, is listed with a 6.78-inch (1,264x2,800 pixels) AMOLED display with 144Hz refresh rate. Also, it is listed to come with 8GB, 12GB, 16GB and 24GB RAM options along with 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB inbuilt storage options. It is shown with an octa-core processor. As per the listing, the Realme GT 6 has a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit and a 16-megapixel selfie camera. It measures 162.02 x 76.07 x 8.43mm and weighs 206.7 grams. The alleged listing includes early photos of the phone. Realme GT 7 Pro Tipped to Feature 1.5K Display, 6,000mAh Battery, More The Realme GT 6 is currently available in India with a starting price tag of Rs. 40,999. It is confirmed to be launching in China on July 9 at 2pm local time (11:30am IST). So, we can expect more details about the phone to surface online in the coming days. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo Y03t, Vivo Watch 3 Reportedly Spotted on Certification Sites; May Launch Globally Soon" ,  Vivo Y03t and the Vivo Watch 3 are expected to be available in global markets soon. They were reportedly spotted on several certification sites, suggesting an imminent launch. The purported Vivo Y03t is said to join the Vivo Y03 handset in the lineup. The latter model was launched in Indonesia in March this year. Notably, the Vivo Watch 3 was unveiled in China in November 2023. The global variant of the smartwatch will likely be similar to the existing variant. Vivo Y03t launch (expected) The Vivo Y03t with the V2344 model number was spotted on the NBTC certification site by MySmartPrice. Alongside the moniker and the model number, the listing also confirmed the handset's 4G LTE connectivity support. The phone was also reportedly spotted on the TUV Rheinland certification website, but the listing did not reveal any details. We may learn more about the smartphone in the next few days. Notably, the existing model in the Vivo Y03 lineup, the vanilla variant, comes with a MediaTek Helio G85 SoC and a 5,000mAh battery with 15W wired charging support. It sports a 6.56-inch HD+ LCD screen, a 13-megapixel dual rear camera unit and a 5-megapixel selfie shooter. The handset has an IP54-rated build and ships with Android 14-based FuntouchOS 14. Vivo Y03 With MediaTek Helio G85 SoC Launched at This Price At launch, the Vivo Y03 started at IDR 1,299,000 (roughly Rs. 6,900) for the 4GB + 64GB option, while the higher 4GB + 128GB variant was listed at IDR 1,499,000 (roughly Rs. 8,000). The phone is offered in Gem Green and Space Black (translated from Indonesian) shades. Vivo Watch 3 global launch (expected) Meanwhile, the Vivo Watch 3 was spotted on the IMDA website, according to the aforementioned MySmartPrice report. The smartwatch was reportedly listed with the model number V2405. This suggests an imminent global launch of the smart wearable. Vivo Watch 3 With eSIM, BlueOS Launched at This Price


Vivo T3 Lite 5G With 50-Megapixel Camera Launched in India: See Price In China, the Vivo Watch 3 starts at CNY 1,099 (roughly Rs. 12,600) for the Bluetooth variant with the soft rubber straps. It features a 1.43-inch AMOLED screen with always-on-display support. It runs on BlueOS and is equipped with a Star Ring health sensor. The 505mAh battery is claimed to offer up to 16 days of usage on the Bluetooth-only option.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Motorola Razr 50 Ultra With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, 4-Inch Cover Display Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Motorola Razr 50 Ultra was launched in India on Thursday. The latest clamshell-style foldable handset by the Lenovo-owned smartphone maker comes with a larger 4-inch cover display than last year's Razr 40 Ultra. The Motorola Razr 50 Ultra runs on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset and has an IPX8 rating for water resistance. It packs a 4,000mAh battery with support for wired and wireless charging. The Motorola Razr 50 Ultra was introduced in China and select global markets last month alongside the more affordable Razr 50 model. Motorola Razr 50 Ultra price in India, availability The Motorola Razr 50 Ultra is priced at Rs. 99,999 for the single 12GB RAM + 512GB storage variant. It is offered in Midnight Blue, Spring Green and Peach Fuzz colour options. It will go on sale during the Amazon Prime Day 2024 sale in the country which is set to take place on July 20 to July 21. It will be available for purchase via Motorola.in and leading retail stores including Reliance Digital. The company is offering a special early bird discount of Rs. 5,000 for customers and this would bring down the effective price to Rs. 94, 999. Additionally, buyers can avail of Rs. 5,000 instant bank discounts on payments made through select bank cards. No-cost EMI options start at Rs. 5,000 per month. Further, there are bundled offers from Jio. Moto S50 Neo With Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC Launched at This Price Motorola Razr 50 Ultra specifications The Motorola Razr 50 Ultra is a dual-SIM (Nano SIM+ eSIM) runs on Android 14 and sports a 6.9-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,640 pixels) LTPO pOLED inner display with up to 165Hz refresh rate, up to 300Hz touch sampling rate, and 413ppi pixel density. The cover display on the Razr 50 Ultra features a 4-inch (1,080x1,272 pixels) LTPO pOLED panel with up to 165Hz refresh rate, and HDR10+ support. It has Corning Gorilla Glass Victus protection on the front and a Vegan leather coating on the rear. The frame is made of aluminium.  Motorola Razr 50 Ultra is equipped with a 4-inch cover display and 6.9-inch inner screen  The Motorola Razr 50 Ultra runs on a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset from Qualcomm, paired with up to 12GB of LPDDR5X RAM and 512GB UFS 4.0 storage. Moto G85 5G Is Set to Launch in India on This Date For optics, the Motorola Razr 50 Ultra is equipped with a dual outer camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel main sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support and a 50-megapixel telephoto camera with 2x optical zoom. The foldable phone also features a 32-megapixel camera on the inner display. The camera setup supports different shooting modes and different AI-powered tools like action engine, auto smile capture, and gesture capture, according to the company. Connectivity options on the Motorola Razr 50 Ultra include 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 6E, Bluetooth, GPS, A-GPS, NFC, and a USB Type-C port. The phone includes three microphones and has a side-mounted fingerprint sensor for authentication, alongside a software-based face unlock feature. Sensors on board include an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, e-compass, and proximity light sensor. It has an IPX8-rated build. Motorola has equipped the Razr 50 Ultra with a 4,000mAh battery that supports 45W fast charging, 15W wireless charging and 5W reverse charging. The company ships the phone along with a 68W charger. It measures 73.99 x 171.42 x 7.09mm when opened and 73.99 x 88.09x 15.32mm when closed, and weighs 189g.   




title = "Zepp Health Launches Zepp OS 4 With OpenAI’s GPT-4o Integration to Offer Personalised Wellness Solutions" ,  Zepp Health, the parent company of Amazfit, announced the launch of Zepp OS 4 on Tuesday. The new operating system for its smartwatches comes with the integration of OpenAI's latest artificial intelligence (AI) model GPT-4o and offers multiple new features. The company claims the supported Amazfit wearables will get voice command capabilities, new personalised wellness features, and better messaging and Bluetooth integration. Currently, the Zepp OS 4 has been rolled out for the Amazfit Balance and Amazfit Active smartwatches. Support for the Amazfit T-Rex Ultra, Falcon and Cheetah series will be added later this year. Zepp OS 4 With GPT-4o Integration Launched In a newsroom post, Zepp Health announced the fourth major update to the Zepp OS and revealed the new features it would offer to supported devices. The company highlighted that the GPT-4o integration was aimed at improving the functionality of Amazfit smartwatches and offering more useful responses. There is a focus on personalised wellness solutions as well. One of the key highlights of the new operating system is the addition of voice commands to Zepp Flow. The primary interface of the Zepp OS will allow users to control the device with natural language interactions. Users can manage settings, reply to messages from apps such as WhatsApp, and initiate Bluetooth phone calls just by speaking the command. Notably, WhatsApp integration is only available on Android for now. The company said iOS support will be added later this year. Amazfit Bip 5 Unity With 1.91-Inch Display Launched in India: See Price Zepp OS 4 can also use AI capabilities from GPT-4o to respond to the user verbally, eliminating the need to read written replies on the display. Currently, the OS supports English and German languages, however, the company said it will add support for French, Italian, Spanish, Japanese, Korean, and Portuguese languages later this month. Two more interesting features have been shipped with the Zepp OS 4. First is improved Bluetooth capabilities, which allow users to control compatible devices such as speakers, cycling meters, and even GoPro cameras directly from the smartwatch. Various new mini apps have also been added to the app store. These mini apps are geared towards assisting users while engaging in outdoor activities and playing sports. OnePlus Summer Launch Event Set for July 16; OnePlus Nord 4, More Expected


Apple Vision Pro Now Allows Alternative Payment Options in the EU Finally, the AI capabilities of GPT-4o have been used to personalise wellness solutions. Zepp Aura can now support AI-driven sleep guidance and Zepp Coach can offer real-time fitness coaching. The company said newer capabilities in the Zepp Health ecosystem will be added regularly. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "NPCI Brings QR Code-Based UPI Payments to UAE in Partnership With Network International" ,  QR-based Unified Payments Interface (UPI) payments will now be accepted in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), NPCI International Payments Limited (NIPL) announced via a press release on Wednesday. To facilitate this move, the organisation is partnering with Network International – a company which enables digital commerce across the Middle East and Africa (MEA) region. Courtesy of this partnership, UPI payments can be made via Network International's over 2,00,000 point-of-sale (POS) terminals. UPI Payments in UAE With this initiative, NIPL says Indian tourists and Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) across the UAE can make secure payments by simply scanning the QR code. It will be accepted across leading establishments such as the Mall of the Emirates, Dubai Mall and other retail stores and dining outlets. Making the announcement, Ritesh Shukla, CEO of NPCI International, said, “By growing UPI payment acceptance across merchants in the UAE, we are not only providing Indian travellers with a seamless and familiar payment experience, but also promoting the use of innovative digital payment solutions internationally.” X Rival Koo Announces Shutdown After Acquisition Talks Fail Network International is claimed to support over 60,000 merchants in retail, hospitality, transport, supermarket and other sectors, and cross-border UPI payments can be made using Indian bank accounts in these locations. UPI is a real-time payment system that enables users to link multiple bank accounts to a mobile app and make payments through it. Launched in 2016, it claims to simplify digital payments while keeping them secure. Users can choose a PIN which is required every time they make a payment by scanning a QR code from the merchant. Alternatively, they can set a maximum limit within which a UPI PIN will not be necessary. UPI in Other Nations Nepal was the first nation to support UPI payments outside of India, with its Gateway Payments Service (GPS) partnering with NIPL to facilitate QR-based payments. Earlier this year, Sri Lanka, Mauritius and France became the latest countries to accept UPI payments. Xiaomi India Announces Mobile Service Camps to Celebrate 10th Anniversary


Samsung Wallet Users Can Now Book Flight, Other Tickets Through Paytm Apart from the UAE, UPI is also available in five other countries, in addition to India: Bhutan, France, Mauritius, Nepal, Singapore, and Sri Lanka. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Summer Launch Event to Be Held on July 16; OnePlus Nord 4, Buds 3 Pro, and Watch 2R Expected" ,  OnePlus has announced the date of its Summer Launch Event, where it is expected to introduce a few new products. Among them are the OnePlus Nord 4, Watch 2R and Buds 3 Pro. The devcies have been doing rounds of the rumour mill over the past few weeks. The OnePlus Nord 4 is expected to be a rebadged version of the OnePlus Ace 3V, which launched in China in March this year. Meanwhile, the OnePlus Watch 2R could be a slightly altered version of the existing OnePlus Watch 2, which was unveiled at the MWC 2024 in February. OnePlus Summer Launch Event date, expected launches The company revealed on an official microsite that the OnePlus Summer Launch Event would be held on July 16 in Milan, Italy. The invitation appears to be imprinted on a metal plate, the words on which suggest that one of the upcoming products is a smartphone with a metal build. However, it has not yet confirmed the launches that are expected during the event. Speculation around the same suggest that the OnePlus Nord 4 is expected to be introduced on the day. This is backed further by a teaser shared by the OnePlus India X handle, which shows the word "nord" in a metallic, silver colourway. This also suggests an imminent India launch of the handset. OnePlus Nord 4 Price in India, Launch Date, Design, Specifications Tipped Tipster Yogesh Brar (@heyitsyogesh) claimed in an X post that the company is expected to unveil three products during its OnePlus Summer Launch Event — the OnePlus Nord 4, the OnePlus Buds 3 Pro, and the OnePlus Watch 2R. OnePlus Nord 4 features (expected) Said to succeed the OnePlus Nord 3, the Nord 4 has previously been tipped to be a rebadged version of the OnePlus 3V, which was launched in China in March. As per a recent report, the phone is expected to sport a 6.74-inch 120Hz 1.5K OLED Tianma U8+ display and a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit. The handset is likely to come with a Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 chipset and a 5,500mAh battery with 100W fast charging support. It has been tipped to be priced at Rs. 31,999 in India. OnePlus Buds 3 Pro, OnePlus Watch 2R features (expected) A recent leak suggested that the OnePlus Buds Pro 3 is expected to retain the stalk design seen in the OnePlus Buds 3. Alongside supporting features like an equalizer, wear detection, Fast Pair, Dolby Atmos, and Zen Mode Air, the purported earphones are also expected to support dual device connection, camera shutter support, headphone recording and spatial audio. OnePlus Watch 2R Global Variant Reportedly Spotted on FCC, BIS Websites


OnePlus Ace 3V With Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 SoC Launched: See Price The OnePlus Watch 2R, on the other hand, has been tipped to be an altered version of the OnePlus Watch 2. The rumoured smartwatch has previously been spotted on several certification sites, including the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS), which suggests an imminent India launch.   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme 13 Pro+ Key Specifications, Design Tipped via TENAA Listing in China" ,  Realme 13 Pro+ is expected to launch soon in India as well as global markets, alongside the Realme 13 Pro. Ahead of its debut, the smartphone is reported to have received TENAA certification by China's state telecommunications certification authority. Its listing not only reveals several specifications of the handset but also provides a glimpse at its real-world images, confirming key design elements. This development comes a week after Realme 13 Pro+ was reported to receive a certification by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). Realme 13 Pro+ Specifications (Expected) According to an Android Arena report, Realme 13 Pro+ was listed on the TENAA website along with its specifications. The smartphone is reported to sport a 6.7-inch AMOLED display with a refresh rate of 120Hz. It is tipped to be powered by a Snapdragon 7s Gen 3 processor, paired with up to 12GB RAM and up to 512GB storage, and will be available in four configurations. It may run on ColorOS 14 based on Android 14. Images of the Realme 13 Pro+ shared on the website suggest it may have a large circular camera island on the back, housing a triple camera setup and an LED flash, similar to its predecessor. It would feature a curved display on the front. The smartphone is reported to be backed by a 5,050mAh battery with support for 80W fast charging. OnePlus Nord 4 Price in India, Launch Date, Design, Specifications Tipped According to the official Realme website, it is dubbed as the “first professional AI camera phone” and carries a “Hyperimage+” branding embossed at the bottom of the camera island. However, no details about the camera system have been revealed and it is unclear what devices may become part of the Realme 13 Pro 5G series. Tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) suggests the smartphone may come with a Sony IMX882 3x periscope lens and a 50-megapixel primary sensor. OnePlus Might Be Working on an AI-Powered Voice Transcription Feature


Moto G85 5G Is Set to Launch in India on This Date The FCC listing of the smartphone suggests it may carry the model number RMX3921. In terms of dimensions, Realme 13 Pro+ is speculated to measure 161.34 x 73.91 x 8.23mm and weigh 190g/187g (with battery). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Copilot Reportedly Tests Ability to Perform Tasks on Windows 11-Linked Android Phones" ,  Microsoft's artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot Copilot has reportedly received a new update that gives it the capability of managing certain tasks on a linked Android smartphone. The feature has some requirements that must be fulfilled before it can function as designed, as per the report. After setting it up, users can ask Copilot to send a text message or summarise messages in their smartphone's inbox. The feature is currently available to some beta testers and is said to be only available on the Copilot web portal. Copilot AI updated with ability to manage Android phones Windows Latest reports that the new feature was added as a server-side update, bringing new capabilities to the AI chatbot's via the Phone Link plugin. The feature is said to be in the beta phase currently, and only those who have signed up for the Copilot beta programme will have access to it.  Copilot AI linking with an Android smartphonePhoto Credit: Windows Latest  To access the feature, users will need to be on Windows 11 and connect their Android 14-based smartphone via the Phone Link app, according to the publication. Alternatively, users can also use the Link Devices feature to connect their handset to the service. Microsoft’s Cancelled Surface Duo 3 Could Have Looked Like This Once connected, the Copilot chat interface will reportedly be able to control certain functions in the smartphone. For instance, users can set an alarm, get text message summaries, and even receive and send messages. The AI chatbot is also said to access the contacts available on the smartphone. With this integration, users on their PC can ask the AI to check and summarise the latest messages, ask Copilot to draft and send messages, and even ask it to share contact details of specific people. Forza Horizon 4 Will Be Delisted From Steam, Microsoft Store in December


Asus Vivobook S 15 Goes on Sale as Company's First Copilot+ PC The main benefit of this setup is that users can carry out several tasks with simple text prompts without needing to scroll through apps or move between interfaces. Since the feature is in beta, there are no clear timelines for when it can be rolled out to the public. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CoinDCX Acquires UAE-Based BitOasis Crypto Exchange to Expand in MENA Region" ,  CoinDCX on Wednesday announced that it has acquired BitOasis, a UAE-based crypto trading platform. With this acquisition, CoinDCX claims it has taken its first step in expanding its crypto business in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region. CoinDCX first engaged with BitOasis last year when it invested an undisclosed amount of funding in the UAE-based company. BitOasis has recently obtained a licence in the Kingdom of Bahrain and already has operational experience in Dubai, making the acquisition BitOasis promising for growth, according to CoinDCX. Sumit Gupta, the co-founder of CoinDCX has emphasized that having conducted its business in India for the last six years, it is ready to take a compliance-first approach in conducting its operations across the MENA region. In India, CoinDCX has registered with the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU), making it a legally compliant crypto entity in the country. CoinDCX and BitOasis are yet to disclose the financial value of the takeover deal. Meta Looking to Hire Generative AI-Focused Workers After Recent Layoffs “Investor protection has been paramount, and we have distinguished ourselves in India with unwavering compliance. We are committed to upholding the same standards wherever we operate. Our expansion strategy begins with the MENA region, capitalising on its mature market and the population's keen interest in crypto investment,” Gupta said in a prepared statement. He also published a thread on X (formerly Twitter) explaining additional details of the acquisition. BitOasis' significance in the MENA region BitOasis was founded in 2016. The platform has allowed retail, institutional, and high net worth individual crypto investors to trade in over 60 cryptocurrencies. CoinDCX says that BitOasis has processed over $6 billion (roughly Rs. XXX crore)in trading volume and raised more than $40 million (roughly Rs. 50,077crore) in funding from multiple investors since being operational. It also added that BitOasis was the first crypto platform to register with the UAE Financial Intelligence Unit back in 2021. EU’s MiCA Inspires Nigerian Policy Analyst to Urge for Similar Crypto Laws Commenting on its acquisition by CoinDCX, BitOasis' co-founder and CEO Ola Doudin said, “This acquisition will enable further growth. Users can expect a broader product portfolio, enhanced crypto services offering, broader access to an expanded range of tokens, increased liquidity, improved trading options, and an overall enhanced user experience.”  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp Readying 'Imagine Me' Feature to Generate Personalised Images Using Meta AI: Report" ,  WhatsApp recently expanded the rollout of its Meta AI chatbots in select markets, including India and the US, and the instant messaging platform appears to have started working on new artificial intelligence (AI) features. The Meta-owned messaging platform is reportedly developing a new 'Imagine Me' feature that will let users generate AI-generated photos of themselves. This update has been spotted on the latest WhatsApp for Android beta release, which is available via the Google Play Beta programme. Feature tracker WABetaInfo spotted the company developing an optional feature to allow users to generate images of themselves using Meta AI. The messaging service could ask users to upload a handful of reference selfies when they first opt into the feature. WABetaInfo says it discovered references about the upcoming AI-based 'Imagine Me' feature in the latest WhatsApp beta for Android 2.24.14.13 update that is available via the Google Play Beta programme. The feature is still in development and can't be tested after installing the aforementioned beta version of WhatsApp on an Android phone. WhatsApp Now Lets You Create Events in Group Chats on iPhone How WhatsApp's new AI feature will work The report includes a screenshot displaying the new option, giving users an idea of what the feature might look like when it goes live. Once users take a single set of photos, the Meta AI chatbot will then create new AI images.  A screenshot of the "Imagine Me” featurePhoto Credit: WABetaInfo  Users can ask Meta AI to generate an AI image of themselves by typing "Imagine me" in the Meta AI chat window. This functionality can be accessed in other chats by typing "@Meta AI imagine me". WhatsApp for Android Might Soon Let You Pick The Llama Model for Meta AI As per the screenshot of the feature, users will be able to choose new backgrounds, and locations "from the forest to outer space" to add to their pictures. This is expected to help create customised stickers. Users might be able to delete the uploaded snaps anytime through settings, according to WABetaInfo. WhatsApp's new personalised AI image-generating option is said to be optional and users might have to turn it manually on in their settings. It is likely to be available in a future update, according to the feature tracker. Meta AI, the company's ChatGPT competitor, started rolling out in India last month. Besides WhatsApp, the chatbot powered by the in-house Llama 3 large language model (LLM) is currently available on Facebook, Instagram, and Messenger.    Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Labour Officials Visit Foxconn iPhone Plant, Question Executives About Hiring" ,  Indian labour officials visited a Foxconn factory in the country's south this week and questioned executives about the company's hiring practices, an official said, after Reuters reported that the major Apple supplier has been rejecting married women from iPhone assembly jobs. A five-member team of the federal government's regional labour department visited the Foxconn factory near Chennai, in Tamil Nadu state, on July 1 and spoke to company directors and human resources officials, A. Narasaiah, the regional labour commissioner, told Reuters by telephone on Wednesday. Foxconn did not immediately respond to a request for comment, while Apple did not address questions from Reuters about the visit. Foxconn Expects Sales to Fall Amid Concerns About iPhone 15 Demand The inquiries come after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government asked state officials and the office of the federal government's Regional Chief Labour Commissioner last week to provide detailed reports on the matter, following Reuters' investigation into hiring practices at the manufacturing facility. "We are collecting information, and have asked the company to submit documents like company policies, recruitment policies" as well as evidence of compliance with labour laws and information on maternity and retirement benefits, Narasaiah said. "They told us they are not discriminating." Narasaiah said Foxconn told the labour officials the factory employs 41,281 people, including 33,360 women. Of these women, some 2,750, or about 8%, were married, he said, citing Foxconn's submission. Why Foxconn is Reportedly Planning to Invest Over $1.5 Billion in India Foxconn did not break down the staffing figures into specific areas such as iPhone assembly, where Reuters reported the discrimination was taking place, Narasaiah said. He added that the labour inspectors interviewed 40 married women inside the plant, who raised no concerns about discrimination. Narasaiah said he currently has no plan to question Foxconn's third-party hiring agents, who scout for candidates and bring them to the plant for interviews. A Reuters investigation published last week found Foxconn systematically excluded married women from assembly jobs at its main Indian iPhone plant on the grounds they have more family responsibilities than their unmarried counterparts. Foxconn HR sources and third-party hiring agents cited family duties, pregnancy and higher absenteeism as reasons for not hiring married women. Apple Will Develop the iPhone 17 in India for the First Time in 2024: Kuo The reporting also found that Taiwan-based Foxconn relaxes the practice of not hiring married women during high-production periods. The story has sparked debates on TV channels, newspaper editorials, and calls from opposition figures and women's groups, including within PM Modi's party, to investigate the matter. Responding to the Reuters investigation, Apple and Foxconn acknowledged lapses in hiring practices in 2022 and said they had worked to address the issues. All the discriminatory practices documented by Reuters at the Tamil Nadu plant, however, took place in 2023 and 2024. The companies did not address those instances. Foxconn, also known as Hon Hai Precision Industry, has previously said it "vigorously refutes allegations of employment discrimination based on marital status, gender, religion or any other form." Apple has said all its suppliers, including Foxconn, hire married women and all its suppliers, including Foxconn, hire married women and "when concerns about hiring practices were first raised in 2022 we immediately took action and worked with our supplier to conduct monthly audits to identify issues and ensure that our high standards are upheld." Indian law does not bar companies from discriminating in hiring based on marital status, though Apple's and Foxconn's policies prohibit such practices in their supply chains. © Thomson Reuters 2024 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Bitget Working With FIU-IND to Obtain Licensing to Operate in ‘Key Market’ India" ,  Bitget has confirmed that it is working with India's Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) to become a registered crypto firm in the country. In a press release issued on Wednesday, Bitget called India a ‘key market' and said that the country's crypto market has shown significant growth in recent times. Founded in 2018, Bitget is registered in Seychelles, and the firm is looking to obtain licensing to operate and a legal crypto entity. In recent months, other international crypto exchanges like Delta and Binance have also said that they are working towards complying with the FIU's regulations. Bitget working on operating as legal crypto entity in India The crypto firm has announced that it is "actively engaging with the regulatory authorities (FIU-IND) so that it is in compliance with the existing regulations in India, allowing it to operate as a legal crypto entity in the country. As part of the FIU's registration process, crypto firms must agree to implement a strict KYC system, maintain transaction records, report suspicious transactions to the financial watchdog, and promote a systematic business ecosystem, that is trustworthy for users to engage in the otherwise financially risky and volatile digital assets sector. Meta Looking to Hire Generative AI-Focused Workers After Recent Layoffs Emphasis has also been put on crypto firms agree to comply with India's laws around anti-money laundering and countering terror financing. Companies registering with the FIU will further have to conduct regular audits, prioritise customer care, and maintain legal compliances to continue operations. The FIU has released its list of requirements from the crypto firms in gradual phases, that started around the first half of 2023. After the body had prepared a comprehensive compliance book, India directed all crypto companies to register with the FIU around December 2023. Bitget says that it provides users with access to verifiable Proof of Reserves data along with comprehensive fund storage information. EU’s MiCA Inspires Nigerian Policy Analyst to Urge for Similar Crypto Laws The exchange claims that it already maintains KYC system for new users. It also says that it has been active in organising crypto awareness initiatives in multiple global locations to help investors make informed decisions. "India is a high-priority market,” said Simran Alphonso, Head of Global Communications at Bitget, in a prepared statement. Bitget's focus on India Bitget has been competing in the global crypto exchange space since 2018 and has established operations in Hong Kong, the UAE, and other regions around Europe and parts of the US. In May this year, Bitget teamed up with Web3 payments solutions platform Alchemy Pay to process crypto purchases through India's INR currency. Last year, the exchange announced that it would strategically infuse $10 million into promising crypto startups. After India restricted the operations of multiple foreign crypto firms including Binance, Kraken, and KuCoin among others, in December 2023, Bitget began preparations to comply with Indian laws. The company claims it has already obtained Virtual Asset Service Provider (VASP) licences in Lithuania and Poland.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Nord 4 Price in India, Launch Date, Design Leaked; Might Get Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 SoC, 5,500mAh Battery" ,  OnePlus Nord 3 powered by MediaTek's Dimensity 9000 SoC was launched in India in July last year. OnePlus now seems to be preparing to take the wraps off its successor, the OnePlus Nord 4. The Chinese tech brand is yet to confirm the arrival of the new Nord series phone, but ahead of the formal announcement, a tipster has revealed its alleged render, India launch date, price and specifications. The OnePlus Nord 4 could run on Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 SoC. It is likely to pack a 5,500mAh battery with 100W fast charging support. OnePlus Nord 4 launch date leaked Tipster Sanju Choudhary on X claimed that the OnePlus Nord 4 will be launched in India on July 16. It is said to be priced at Rs. 31,999. The handset could be unveiled alongside the OnePlus Buds 3 Pro and OnePlus Watch 2R. The leak also provides insights into the design and specifications of the phone. The alleged render of OnePlus Nord 4 attached in the post offers a vague look at the rear design of the handset. It seems to have a dual-tone design and a dual rear camera unit. The camera sensors are arranged horizontally in the top left corner, marking a shift from OnePlus Nord 3's rear design. The successor features a vertically arranged triple camera setup on the back. OnePlus Pad Pro With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Chipset Launched at This Price OnePlus Nord 4 specifications (leaked) The OnePlus Nord 4 is tipped to ship with Android 14 and OnePlus may provide three years of security updates and four generations of Android updates for the phone. It could feature a 6.74-inch OLED Tianma U8+ display with 1.5K resolution, 120Hz refresh rate and 2,150nits peak brightness. It is likely to be powered by a Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 chipset. For optics, the OnePlus Nord 4 is said to carry a dual rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor and an 8-megapixel Sony IMX355 ultrawide angle sensor. For selfies, there could be a 16-megapixel Samsung S5K3P9 sensor. The handset could feature an in-display fingerprint sensor and dual speakers. Connectivity options on the phone might include 5G, Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.4, NFC, and IR blaster. It is likely to feature an X-axis linear motor and alert slider. OnePlus is anticipated to pack a 5,500mAh battery on the OnePlus Nord 4 with 100W fast charging support. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, 6,100mAh Battery Debuts The OnePlus Nord 4 is expected to be a rebranded OnePlus Ace 3V, which was launched in China in March. The latter was released with a price tag of CNY 1,999 (roughly Rs. 23,000) for the 12GB RAM + 256GB option.   




title = "OnePlus Reportedly Working on AI-Powered Voice Recording Summary Feature" ,  OnePlus is reportedly working on an artificial intelligence (AI) feature that will allow users to generate text summaries from voice recordings. The feature was spotted in the latest version of Oxygen OS, the company's custom skin for Android. It is said to support multiple audio formats. The feature is currently not visible and those who participated in the beta programme will not be able to test it out. Interestingly, India was mentioned among the countries where the feature could launch first in one of the strings of code. OnePlus to Reportedly Get an AI Voice Recording Summary Feature Android Authority spotted the under-development feature on Oxygen OS 14.1. The feature is not currently enabled, and the publication discovered it during a teardown of the company's software. The smartphone maker is said to be working on a sound recorder which uses the AI Summariser feature that was unveiled by the company earlier this year and spotted on the OnePlus 12 and OnePlus Open. The strings of code also provide some clues about the purported feature. For instance, the AI Voice Recording Summary feature will supports multiple audio file formats including MP3, AMR, AWB, AAC, and WAV, according to the string "convert_error_format". OnePlus 13 May Offer Better Water Resistance Than the iPhone 15, Galaxy S24 The file size of the recording should be smaller than 500MB, and the recording length should be less than five hours for the feature to work, according to the strings discovered by the publication. Additionally, it appears voice recordings that are too short will not be used to generate a summary. Further, the strings of code highlight that there will be a limit to the number of summary generation tasks a user can initiate simultaneously. There is also a daily limit, details of which are currently unknown. These criteria could mean that there is a server-level limit to these features. They may also be offered with a paid subscription tier. OnePlus Watch 2 With eSIM Connectivity, 1.43-Inch Display Debuts


OnePlus Watch 2 With eSIM Connectivity, 1.43-Inch Display Debuts The publication also discovered strings of code describing the feature on the Android 15 Developer Preview 2. These strings did not reveal more details about the feature but about the places where it may launch first. There are reportedly three languages mentioned — Chinese, Hindi, and English — which suggests that the AI Voice Recording Summary feature could first arrive in China, India, and the US, according to the report. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Moto G85 5G India Launch Date Set for July 10; Confirmed to Feature 6.67-Inch Display, 5000mAh Battery" ,  Moto G85 5G will launch in India next week, the company confirmed via a social media post on Wednesday. The smartphone made its debut in Europe on June 26 as a rebranded version of Motorola S50 Neo which was launched in China alongside the Motorola Razr 50 series. Ahead of its arrival in India, a microsite for the handset has appeared on Flipkart, which reveals most of the specifications of the upcoming Moto G85 5G including its display, chipset and battery. Moto G85 5G specifications Moto G85 5G is confirmed to feature a 6.67-inch pOLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate and 1,600 nits peak brightness. The display is claimed to have Gorilla Glass 5 protection and offer 100 percent DCI-P3 colour gamut coverage. In terms of dimensions, the Moto G85 5G weighs 175g and has a 7.59mm thickness. It will be available in a vegan leather design in three colourways: Cobalt Blue, Olive Green and Urban Grey. Get ready to elevate your style and give off main character energy vibes with the #MotoG85 5G.Launching on 10th July @Flipkart, https://t.co/azcEfy1Wlo and all leading retail stores.#AllEyesOnYou pic.twitter.com/nr2YhCEcS3— Motorola India (@motorolaindia) July 3, 2024 The smartphone will be powered by the Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 chipset, paired with up to 12GB RAM and up to 256GB in-built storage. Additionally, it will also be available in an 8GB+128GB storage option. The handset is claimed to support a RAM Boost feature and run on Android 14, with two years of assured OS upgrades and three years of security updates. For photos and videos, the upcoming Moto G85 5G will sport a dual camera setup at the back, comprising a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-600 sensor with Optical Image Stabilisation (OIS) and an 8-megapixel ultra-wide shooter. On the front, it will feature a 32-megapixel selfie camera. According to Motorola, it will offer software features such as Smart Connect, Family Space and Moto Secure. Additionally, the handset will have an IP52 rating for dust and water resistance. The Moto G85 5G is claimed to be backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for 33W fast charging. It is said to provide up to 90 hours of music playback, 38 hours of talk time and up to 22 hours of video playback. Moto S50 Neo With Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC Launched at This Price


Moto G85 5G With Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 Chipset Listed Online: See Price


Honor Magic V3 Design Revealed Ahead of July 12 Launch


CMF Phone 1 Appears on Geekbench Ahead of Its Debut on July 8 Other features of the Moto G85 5G include support for 13 5G bands and dual stereo speakers with Dolby Atmos support, according to the company. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ Launch Date Revealed; Confirmed to Ship With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, 5,500mAh Battery" ,  iQoo Neo 9s Pro With MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ SoC was released in May. Now, the Vivo sub-brand has officially announced a launch date for its new iQoo Neo 9s Pro+. The new Neo 9 series smartphone is teased to come in three colour options with a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset under the hood. The iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ will house a 5,500mAh battery with support for 120W fast charging. The new handset will be released alongside the iQoo Watch GT and iQoo 1i TWS earbuds. iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ launch date announced Through a Weibo post, iQoo confirmed that the launch of iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ will take place on July 11 at 7:00pm (4:30pm IST) at the Universal Studios Beijing. The brand will unveil iQoo Watch GT, iQoo Pad 2 Pro and iQoo 1i TWS earphones at the launch event. The company is associating with the NBA for the launch. Official images show the iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ in Buff Blue, Fighting Black and Start White (translated from Chinese) colourways. The blue colour variant has a dual-tone design. They appear to have dual rear cameras and a flat screen resembling the design of iQoo Neo 9s Pro. iQoo Z9x Review: Budget 5G Redefined? iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ specifications Additionally, Vivo's Vice President Jia Jingdong revealed a few specifications of iQoo Neo 9s Pro+. It will be powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset alongside Vivo's self-developed gaming chip Q1 for optimised gaming experience. It will feature an ultrasonic fingerprint sensor and run on OriginOS 4.0. It is confirmed to carry a 5,500mAh battery with support for 120W super-fast charging. It will have a 7.99mm thick profile. The handset will flaunt a 50-megapixel main camera and a 50-megapixel wide-angle camera. iQoo Z9 Lite Key Specifications Confirmed Ahead of Launch on July 15 The iQoo Watch GT is confirmed to come with AI features while the iQoo Pad 2 Pro is teased to debut as company's first 1TB storage tablet. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Phone 1 Design, Colourways Revealed Ahead of July 8 Launch; Seen With Customisable Back Panel" ,  CMF Phone 1 will be unveiled in India alongside the CMF Buds Pro 2 and CMF Watch Pro 2 on July 8. The company had previously teased some key features of the upcoming handset. The Nothing sub-brand also confirmed a few specifications of the smartphone. Now, CMF has revealed the complete design of the anticipated CMF Phone 1 and also announced the colour options it will be offered in. The handset is confirmed to come with a customisable back panel. CMF Phone 1 design, colour options The complete design of the CMF Phone 1 has been revealed by the company ahead of its launch. The phone appears with a pill-shaped dual rear camera unit placed in the top left corner. The camera island is a different colour than the rest of the panel. This shade is similar to that of the volume rocker, placed on the left edge, as well as that of the power button, appearing on the right side of the phone. The engineer's aesthetic.CMF Phone 1 celebrates technical craftsmanship with its uniquely adaptable nature. Customisable. Functional. Yours.Learn everything at the next Nothing Community Update on 8 July 2024, 10:00 BST. pic.twitter.com/0fqYkaf4OX— CMF by Nothing (@cmfbynothing) July 3, 2024 The CMF Phone 1 is also seen with a circular dial placed in the bottom left corner of the back panel. It is similar to the one found on the CMF Buds charging case. This appears to be modular and can be used as a lanyard or a kickstand holder, and even to personalise the phone using other accessories. The company has confirmed in a press release that alongside attaching purposeful accessories, CMF Phone 1 users will be able to "swap cases for different colours or materials." CMF also confirmed that the handset will be offered in four colourways - Black, Blue, Light Green and Orange. The Blue and Orange variants will sport a vegan leather panel, while the Black and Light Green options are said to have a more subtle textured finish. CMF Phone 1 Confirmed to Get a 50-Megapixel Main Rear Camera CMF Phone 1 features The dual rear camera unit of the CMF Phone 1 will include a 50-megapixel Sony sensor with Ultra XDR support. The handset is also confirmed to be backed by a 5,000mAh battery which is claimed to support up to 22 hours of non-stop YouTube streaming. For security, the phone will carry an in-display fingerprint sensor. CMF Phone 1 Specifications Revealed Ahead of Launch on July 8


CMF Phone 1 Specifications, India Pricing Leaked Ahead of Launch The CMF Phone 1 is confirmed to sport a 6.67-inch AMOLED screen with up to 120Hz refresh rate, HDR10+ support, and a peak brightness of 2,000 nits. It will be powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 7300 5G SoC paired with 8GB of RAM, expandable virtually by an additional 8GB.   Will the Nothing Phone 2 serve as the successor to the Phone 1, or will the two co-exist? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Meta Looking to Hire Generative AI-Focused Workers on Metaverse Team After Layoffs" ,  Meta has listed fresh job openings for its metaverse unit at its headquarters in California, after recent layoffs at its Reality Labs unit. The social networking giant is looking for professionals proficient in generative AI (GenAI), which suggests that that it could integrate the nascent technology with its metaverse-related efforts in the future. Under CEO Mark Zuckerberg, the firm has been developing technology related to software and hardware for the metaverse, ever since it was rebranded from Facebook to Meta in 2021. Meta's recent job listing suggests AI is coming to metaverse gaming A new job listing suggests that Meta is considering a fusion of generative AI technology with games that feature virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), and mixed reality (MR) content. The listing states that the role at the Meta Metaverse Content leadership team would involve mapping out a GenAI strategy for the company's games (starting with Reality Labs) with a focus on Horizon, to build the "next generation of content through generative AI" — including AR, VR, and MR content. Average NFT Sale Prices Fell Nearly 60 Percent in Q2 2024: Report Meta Horizon OS is the operating system (OS) developed by the company to power its Quest headsets, which are the gateway to Meta's immersive gaming ecosystem that includes titles such as Horizon Worlds. As per the job description, the employee would work as an individual contributor in finalising Meta's GenAI strategy for content creation and games. This will involve working with game creators and developers, as well as conducting research on new consumer experiences (including new forms of gameplay) and prototyping them. In addition, the assigned person will also be responsible for managing the R&D budget to complete ‘multiple experimental work streams', according to the company. Meta to increase focus on streamlining metaverse team Last month, Meta bifurcated the Reality Labs team into two parts – one to oversee metaverse related initiatives and the other to focus on other advanced technologies like AR, VR. Founded by Zuckerberg in 2022, Reality Labs has been the central point of Meta's exploration of the metaverse technology. BTC, ETH See Price Bump as EU’s Crypto-Focussed MiCA Law Goes Live At the time, the company reportedly announced multiple layoffs as part of the restructuring of Reality Labs. Under its leader Vishal Shah, the metaverse unit of Reality Labs will handle development related to the Quest VR headset, the Horizon OS, and Meta's social VR platform Horizon Worlds. Reality Labs has remained a loss making entity since it was set up. The unit lost $13.7 billion (roughly Rs. 1,12,200 crore) in 2022, with a subsequent loss of $46.5 billion while generating nearly $11 billion (roughly Rs. 91,744 crore) in revenue in the fourth quarter of 2023.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iQoo Z9 Lite Key Specifications Confirmed Ahead of July 15 India Launch Date" ,  iQoo's soon to be launched Z9 Lite, a budget 5G smartphone, is expected to complete the Z9 series which started with the launch of the iQoo Z9 and was followed up with a recent iQoo Z9x model as well. While the Z9 is the most expensive offering in this line-up, the Z9 “Lite” moniker hints at an even lower priced tier compared to the existing models. New details revealed by the brand itself via its Amazon product listing page now reveals several details about this upcoming 5G phone including the name of its new colourway. A microsite for the iQoo Z9 Lite has been created on Amazon, with information about the upcoming budget 5G device. A post via iQoo's official social media handle on X has revealed that the blue-white finish will be called Aqua Flow. At the same time, the brand also clarified that the phone will not feature an IP rating or any waterproofing. This is mainly because the iQoo Z9x and iQoo Z9 have an IP64 and IP54 rating respectively.  The Aqua Flow colourway of the upcoming iQoo Z9 Lite smartphonePhoto Credit: iQoo India (via X)  As for the Amazon product page, the phone is shown to have a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 processor which is fabricated using a 6nm process technology. The fine print below the poster on the Amazon page also reveals the presence of a 6GB of RAM and 128GB of storage. Since it is expected to be a budget smartphone, we also expect other (lower) variants to be available. iQoo Z9 Review The phone is claimed to be capable of achieving an AnTuTu benchmark score of over 4,14,000. While that's only a synthetic benchmark score, one can expect performance on par with similarly priced budget smartphones from this chipset. The company has also confirmed that the iQoo Z9 Lite will be launched in India on 15 July, while revealing the blue finish and the two rear-facing cameras in the same post. iQoo Z9x Review: Budget 5G Redefined? For reference, the recently launched iQoo Z9x is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 6 Gen 1 SoC, while the iQoo Z9 runs on a 4nm Dimensity 7200 SoC. While both of these smartphones appear similar in terms of overall design, they are priced far apart, with the iQoo Z9x available from Rs. 12,999 which is budget pricing, while the iQoo Z9 is available from Rs. 19,999, which is where the mid-range segment begins. Both phones also offer different internal hardware like an LCD display versus an AMOLED one and so on. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Honor Magic V3 Design Revealed Ahead of July 12 Launch; Seen With a Periscope Telephoto Camera" ,  Honor Magic V3 is set to be unveiled in China on July 12, alongside the Honor Magic Vs3. The upcoming book-style foldable smartphone is said to succeed the Honor Magic V2, which was launched in China in July 2023 and later globally in September as the world's slimmest foldable handset. Previously, some key features of the Honor Magic V3 were tipped. Now, the company has revealed the design of the phone, which is claimed to be slimmer and lighter than the preceding model. Honor Magic V3 design Honor revealed the design of the phone in a Weibo post. The Honor Magic V3 appears in a red colourway with a vegan leather finish and a metallic golden frame. The circular rear camera module is also bordered by an octagonal, metallic golden frame. The camera island shows an elliptical LED flash unit alongside three camera units, which include a periscope telephoto sensor. The power button appears on the right edge of the handset, while the volume rocker is placed on the left side. The promotional poster of the Honor Magic V3 confirms that it will run MagicOS out-of-the-box. The phone is also claimed to be more powerful, thinner and lighter than the Honor Magic V2. Honor Magic V3, Magic Vs3, MagicPad 2 and More Set to Launch on This Date Honor Magic V3 features (expected) The Honor Magic V3 has previously been tipped to be powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset and support satellite connectivity in China alongside a 5.5G network. The handset is expected to weigh between 220 and 229g and be backed by a battery with at least 5,000mAh capacity. It is also expected to support 66W wired fast charging. Honor Magic V2 Makes Global Debut As World's Slimmest Foldable at IFA 2023


Honor 200 5G Series Amazon Page Goes Live; India Launch Imminent In the camera department, the Honor Magic V3 will reportedly sport a 50-megapixel sensor. It has also been tipped to be equipped with an ultra-thin USB Type-C port. The handset is also expected to get an upgraded hinge with some kind of water resistance.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Koo to Shut Down Four-Year-Old Service After Acquisition Discussions Fail" ,  Koo — an Indian startup that was launched in 2020 as a competitor to Twitter (currently known as X) — is shutting down. The company, started by Aprameya Radhakrishna and Mayank Bidawatka four years ago will cease operations after acquisition talks with "multiple larger internet companies, conglomerates and media houses" failed, according to the app's founders. Koo was one of several companies that have attempted to create alternatives for US-based Internet services in India, catering to users in local languages. Koo founders announce shutdown In a LinkedIn post on Wednesday, Koo founders Radhakrishna and Bidawatka said that Koo would be shut down after acquisition discussions with "multiple larger internet companies, conglomerates, and media houses" failed to materialise. A TechCrunch report in February claimed that Koo was in talks to be acquired by Bangalore-based news and content aggregator Dailyhunt. The founder also said that "a couple" of the companies that were in talks with the company "changed priority almost close to signing" and “most of them didn't want to deal with user generated content and the wild nature of a social media company.” Koo Not Competing Against X, Meta's Threads by Meta: Company's Co-Founder Koo had around 10 million monthly active users and 2.1 million daily active users at its peak. The app grew in popularity — boosted by an endorsement and adoption by the government — when Twitter and the government of India locked horns over content takedown requests. In 2022, Koo crossed the 50 million user mark and said it was aiming to overtake Twitter's user base in India within a year. Another factor that affected the company's growth was a prolonged funding winter that has also affected several other startups around the world. Radhakrishna states that Koo needed five to six years of "aggressive, long term and patient capital" to grow users to a significant scale before generating revenue. Koo Updates Content Moderation Features to Block Nudity, Offensive Content


X Will Now Let Indian Users Become Contributors for Community Notes


Elon Musk-Owned X Will Use Grok AI to Summarise News Events According to Radhakrishna, the decision to shut Koo down was taken as the cost of running the social media app was too high. Koo made its algorithms public in 2022, and the founders now say that they will also evaluate making the service into "a digital public good to enable social conversations in native languages, around the world." .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Phone 1 Reportedly Listed on Geekbench, Gets NBTC Certification Ahead of Launch Next Week" ,  CMF Phone 1, the first-ever smartphone by Nothing's sub-brand, is scheduled to launch on July 8 during the Community Update. Ahead of its official debut, the handset is reported to have received NBTC certification, hinting at its launch in Thailand. Additionally, it may have also been listed on Geekbench, sporting an octa-core processor and running on Android 14. The listing also reportedly reveals some of the benchmark scores obtained by the smartphone. CMF Phone 1 on Geekbench According to a report, CMF Phone 1 has received NBTC certification – an assessment all telecommunication equipment must go through in Thailand before launch. While the listing did not reveal any specifications, the smartphone was listed sporting the model number A015. Furthermore, its listing was also reported on Geekbench. As per the report, CMF Phone 1 will be powered by an octa-core processor with four cores clocked at 2.5GHz and another four capped at 2.0GHz, with a 64-bit architecture. It is tipped to get 6GB RAM and run on Android 14. CMF Phone 1 Specifications, India Pricing Leaked Ahead of Launch CMF Phone 1 reportedly obtained 1016 single-core and 2630 multi-core scores during the benchmark test and a score of 415 in Geekbench's machine learning (ML) test. CMF Phone 1 Specifications (Confirmed) CMF Phone 1 is confirmed to sport a 6.67-inch Super AMOLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate and HDR support. The screen will support up to 2,000 nits of peak brightness for outdoor visibility. In terms of optics, the smartphone is equipped with a dual camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel Sony sensor and a 2-megapixel secondary camera, housed in a vertical pill-shaped module. Under the hood, it will feature the MediaTek Dimensity 7300 5G SoC based on TSMC's 4-nanometre fabrication process. As per the company, this chipset scored 673,000 points in the AnTuTu benchmark test. It will be paired with 8GB RAM with a virtual RAM boost feature. The chipset will bring features such as Bluetooth 5.3 and Wi-Fi 6 support, and dual 5G connectivity. CMF Phone 1 Could Feature a Removable Back Plate, Teaser Suggests


Here's What the Upcoming CMF Buds Pro 2, CMF Watch Pro 2 Could Look Like Backing the smartphone will be a 5,000mAh battery, promising up to two days of normal usage. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Redmi A3x With Dual Rear Cameras, 5,000mAh Battery Listed on Amazon India Website: Price, Specifications" ,  Redmi A3x was launched in select global markets last month. Now, the Redmi A-series smartphone has been listed on the Amazon India website for sale. The listing has revealed the price, launch offers, design and complete specifications of the phone, but the Xiaomi sub-brand has not made any official announcement regarding its India launch yet. The Redmi A3x is available for purchase on the e-commerce website in four colour options with an entry-level price tag. It runs on an octa-core chipset and has dual rear cameras. Redmi A3x price in India Amazon India has listed the Redmi A3x with a price tag of Rs. 6,999 for the single 3GB RAM + 64GB storage variant. It is offered in Midnight Black, Ocean Green, Olive Green and Starry White colour options. Shoppers with Amazon Pay ICICI credit card can avail of up to Rs. 2,500 welcome rewards while making purchases. Additionally, payments made through select cards from HDFC and other banks can get up to Rs. 1,750 discount. However, price and availability details about the Redmi A3x are not listed on the company's India website at the time of writing. No announcements about the launch were made by Xiaomi's official X handle either. Redmi Note 14 Pro Early Leak Suggests 50-Megapixel Main Camera The Redmi A3x is listed on the global website with two RAM and storage configurations — 3GB+64GB and 4GB+128GB. It is up for sale in Pakistan with a price tag of PKR 18,999 (roughly Rs. 5,700) from May. Redmi A3x specifications As per the listing, the dual SIM (Nano) Redmi A3x runs on Android 14 and features a 6.71-inch HD + (720 x 1,650) LCD display with up to 90Hz refresh rate and 500 nits local peak brightness. It has a waterdrop-style notch display. It runs on an octa-core chipset coupled with 3GB of RAM and 64GB of storage. The Amazon listing doesn't specify the chipset, but Xiaomi's global website confirms that it is Unisoc T603 SoC. The inbuilt RAM can be expanded up to 6GB with additional onboard storage. The onboard storage can be expanded up to 1TB through a microSD card. Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G Is Now Available in This Colour Option in India For optics, the Redmi A3x boasts an 8-megapixel dual AI rear camera setup. On the front, it has a 5-megapixel camera for selfies and video chats. As per the listing, connectivity options on the phone include Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, a 3.5mm audio jack and a USB Type-C port. It has a side-mounted fingerprint sensor. It packs a 5,000mAh battery that supports 10W fast charging.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Gemini App for Android Could Reportedly Feature a Multi-Window Mode" ,  Google's Gemini app for Android is reportedly getting a new feature that will allow users to open it in two separate windows simultaneously. The feature was spotted in the latest beta version of the Google app but is not yet visible or available for beta testers to try out. As per the report, the feature allows users to open both the Gemini app and the Gemini artificial intelligence (AI) assistant together in the multi-window interface and access them together independently. Google has not yet revealed a release timeline for the feature. Gemini App to Reportedly Open in Two Separate Windows According to a report by Android Authority, this experimental feature was spotted in the latest beta of the Google app for Android (version 15.26.34). As mentioned above, the feature is not visible, and the publication found it during an app teardown. To activate it, beta testers will need to activate a specific flag that was not mentioned.  Gemini app's multi-window viewPhoto Credit: Android Authority In a short video, the report highlights the workings of the new feature. Users, with this feature activated, can normally trigger the Gemini AI assistant. Once it appears as a bottom sheet pop-up interface, users can long-press the handle on the top. This will allow them to drag the pop-up to the top of the screen. Once released, it opens up a second window which appears similar to the Gemini app or the website version. At the same time, it activates the multi-window interface, and the Gemini AI assistant pop-up continues to remain active. The report claims that using one window did not affect the other one. This means users can run two separate queries with the Gemini AI model independently of one another. While the feature appears as a party trick, it can also be useful for those who want to test the AI and compare responses to slightly different prompts. It can also be useful in scenarios where users do not want one prompt to impact the response of the next prompt. Further, the publication found the string of code, “android:name="com.samsung.android.drag_and_drop.launch.multiwindow.mode,” which could mean that the feature is being developed for Samsung smartphones first. With the expected launch of the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and the Galaxy Z Flip 6 around the corner, this feature might be designed for the secondary display interface. Apple Will Reportedly Offer Gemini AI Alongside ChatGPT on iOS 18


Google Gemini to Soon Be Available to Teen Students in Over 100 Countries


Gmail on iOS, Android Will Soon Get This New Gemini AI Feature However, features are often discarded midway, and developers forget to remove lines of code from the beta apps. This could also be one of those cases. But, unless the feature is released or Google shares an update, there is no way to tell. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Over 3 Million iOS, macOS Apps Found at Risk Due to CocoaPods Security Breach: Report" ,  Apple users may have been left at risk for over a decade due to an undetected vulnerability recently fixed in CocoaPods – a dependency manager which hosts code libraries for Swift and Objective-C projects for developing apps for Apple. According to a report, security researchers discovered a critical issue which could have allowed threat actors to inject malicious code and gain access to sensitive user data, putting over 3 million iOS and macOS apps at risk. Apple Apps at Risk According to researchers at the cybersecurity firm EVA Information Security, three previously undiscovered vulnerabilities were found in CocoaPods, that could have allowed threat actors to claim ownership of orphaned packages, known as pods. It is said to have enabled them to inject code in applications for iOS and macOS platforms – operating systems used by Apple's iPhone and iPad devices, respectively. This vulnerability is reported to have originated in 2014 in the “trunk” server of CocoaPods, following a migration process. As per the researchers, threat actors could have used an API and an email address – both available in CocoaPods' source code, to claim ownership of the pods, replacing their original source code with their malicious one. iOS 18 Will Introduce These India-Focused Features Later This Year Researchers claim another vulnerability would have enabled the use of the email verification process to run arbitrary code on the server, allowing the threat actor to manipulate and replace pods. The exploits put millions of iOS and macOS apps, along with sensitive user data such as passwords, credit card details, medical records, and more, at risk. “Injecting code into these applications could enable attackers to access this information for almost any malicious purpose imaginable - ransomware, fraud, blackmail, corporate espionage… In the process, it could expose companies to major legal liabilities and reputational risk”, the researchers said. Apple Intelligence’s Premium Features Could be Behind a Paid Tier: Report It is further claimed that the vulnerabilities were patched in October 2023. Researchers say they notified CocoaPods of them, following which all session keys were wiped out to ensure secure access to pods. Previous Vulnerabilities This is not the first time that CocoaPods has come under scrutiny due to security vulnerabilities. In 2021, it was discovered that a malicious package published on the dependency manager could allow threat actors to run arbitrary code on its servers due to a remote code execution (RCE) issue, potentially putting millions of apps at risk. OpenSSH Vulnerability Reportedly Puts Over 14 Million Servers at Risk This vulnerability was found to exist since 2015 and was only patched in 2021. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 Leaked Render Hints at Larger Camera Module; Could Feature Snapdragon 8 Gen 3, IPX8 Rating" ,  Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 is anticipated to make its debut later this month as the successor to the Mix Fold 3. While the exact Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 launch date is yet to be revealed by the company, a fresh leak sheds light on the design and several specifications of the upcoming foldable phone. The leaked render shows four Leica branded rear cameras on the handset. The Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 is tipped to run on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC and have an IPX8 rating for water resistance. Tipster Evan Blass (@evleaks) leaked the alleged render and specifications of the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 on X (formerly Twitter). The official-looking render shows the rear design of the phone. It seems to have a larger camera island compared to its predecessor. The camera module that houses four Leica branded cameras and an LED flash that takes up roughly a third of its back panel.  Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 alleged render Photo Credit: X/ @evleaks  The Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 is tipped to feature a 50-megapixel primary rear camera supported by a Leica Summilux lens. This matches Mix Fold 3's primary camera. The upcoming foldable is tipped to be powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, an upgrade from its predecessor's Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC. It could feature an IPX8 rating for water resistance. Redmi 14C 5G Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website Suggesting India Launch Finally, Blass claims that a 5,000mAh battery will power the Xiaomi Mix Fold 4 with support for wireless charging. It could measure less than 10mm in thickness. Redmi Note 14 Pro Early Leak Suggests 50-Megapixel Main Camera The tipster notes that the image and specifications belong to the prototype and the design might change before the final release. As a result, it is better to take these details with a grain of salt, until details of the handset are officially announced by the company. 




title = "OnePlus 13 to Feature 2K OLED Screen, Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 Chipset, Tipster Claims" ,  OnePlus 13 is expected to launch later this year in China as a successor to the company's current-generation OnePlus 12 flagship model. Purported renders and specifications of the smartphone have already surfaced online, giving us an idea of what to expect from the OnePlus 13. A tipster has now leaked details about the handset on social media, suggesting the inclusion of features such as a 2K OLED screen, Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset, a 6,000mAh battery with fast charging support and IP69 rating. OnePlus 13 specifications (Rumoured) In a post on Weibo, tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) suggested that the OnePlus 13 may feature a 2K LTPO OLED display with a flat design. This claim contradicts previous leaks that suggested the smartphone would sport a curved screen. It is also tipped to include an ultrasonic fingerprint sensor, and an X-axis motor for haptics. The user also claims that the Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset built on a 3nm process technology will power the flagship phone. In terms of optics, the OnePlus 13 will retain the primary camera equipped on its predecessor – a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-808 sensor, according to the tipster. Apple's iPhone 16 Camera May Feature a New CMOS Sensor From This Company However, the other cameras might be replaced by a 50-megapixel telephoto lens with 3X optical zoom, and a 50-megapixel ultra-wide shooter. All of the cameras are still tipped to be tuned in collaboration with Hasselblad. The latest leak also claims that the OnePlus 13 will pack a 6,000mAh “super silicon” battery with 100W fast charging and wireless charging capabilities. According to the tipster, OnePlus 13 may arrive with an IP69 rating for dust and water resistance. This potentially means it would have a higher IP rating than the latest iPhone 15 series, as well as the Samsung Galaxy S24 series, both of which have an IP68 rating. OnePlus 13 design (Rumoured) Alleged renders of the OnePlus 13 surfaced in May, suggesting a redesigned camera module. It is said to have a square-shaped camera island, housing the three sensors and the LED flash – a departure from the circular camera housing on the current OnePlus 12. Samsung Galaxy M35 5G India Launch Teased on Amazon


CMF Phone 1 Confirmed to Get a 50-Megapixel Main Rear Camera The smartphone is speculated to retain the Hasselblad branding on the rear, just like its predecessors. In terms of design, The OnePlus 13 was previously tipped to feature curved edges (the latest leak contradicts this claim), with the volume buttons on the right side and the alert slider on the left edge. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel 9 Series to Reportedly Arrive With Google AI, Offer New Recall-Like Screenshots Features" ,  Google Pixel 9 series has been confirmed to be unveiled by the company on August 13. Ahead of the launch, a new report has revealed three new artificial intelligence (AI) features that may arrive with the smartphone. These features are reportedly being shipped under the 'Google AI' branding, a first for the smartphone series. A new Screenshots feature is part of the trio, and based on its reported description, it appears to be a slightly different take on Microsoft's recently announced AI Recall feature for its Copilot+ PCs. Google Pixel 9 to Reportedly Get a Recall-Like AI Screenshots Feature Microsoft introduced an AI-powered feature dubbed Recall in May. It captures periodic screenshots of the PC and stores them to create a chronological logbook of the user's activity on the device. Later, when the user asks the AI about what they were doing on a certain day and at a certain time, the on-device AI can process the information from the screenshot database and share it. However, the feature drew criticism due to its privacy-intrusive nature and lack of safety and encryption. Notably, Microsoft has promised to add several security features and has delayed Recall's launch.  Google AI Screenshots featurePhoto Credit: Android Authority But Google's take on the feature is somewhat different, according to a report by Android Authority. The smartphone reportedly does not capture screenshots on its own but stores the manually clicked screenshots with some additional metadata. These will include information such as the name of the app, web links, and more. Then, an on-device AI, which could be the Gemini Nano AI model, will process these images and answer user queries around them, the report mentioned citing an unnamed source. While the use case and exact implementation of the feature are not known currently, the Screenshots feature could offer a way for users to organise and gain quick information from their stored screenshots. Other Google AI Features to Reportedly be Unveiled Next Month As per the report, two more Google AI features will also arrive alongside AI Screenshots. The first among them is Add Me. A description of the feature in an image shared by the publication says, “Make sure everyone's included in a group photo”. Based on this information, the feature appears to be an add-on to last year's Best Take feature that improves people's expressions in a group photo. Add Me could help users in situations where a certain group photo has a couple of members missing. Users might be able to take other group photos and merge them with the target photo to add the missing members.  Google AI featuresPhoto Credit: Android Authority Another feature is dubbed Studio, with a description that says “You imagine it. Pixel creates it.” While the description makes it appear like a generic AI image generator, the report claims it might do more than that, potentially allowing users to edit images and create stickers as well. If this turns out to be true, then the feature would be similar to Apple's AI-powered Image Playground feature, announced at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 in June. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold Tipped to Support Improved Split-Screen Mode


Google Pixel 9 Seen in a Pink Colour Option in Leaked Video


Google Reportedly Completes Design Process for Its Tensor G5 Chipset Apart from this, the shared screenshot also highlights that Circle to Search and the built-in Gemini AI assistant will also be shipped as part of Google AI when the Pixel 9 series arrives. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iPhone 16 Camera Might Feature New Samsung CMOS Image Sensor: Report" ,  iPhone 16 is expected to launch within the next few months and details of its various components have recently surfaced online. According to a recent report, the Cupertino technology firm may adopt a new CMOS image sensor made by Samsung for its upcoming smartphone models. This sensor is tipped to have a three-wafer design with advantages over the existing sensor in the iPhone 15 series. If the claims are accurate, Samsung could become Apple's second supplier for camera sensors, alongside Sony. iPhone 16 could feature Samsung CMOS image sensor The Elec reports that Apple is conducting final quality assessments of a new image CMOS image sensor (CIS) supplied by Samsung. This potential shift from Sony to Samsung is said to be due to delays faced by the Cupertino-based tech giant in receiving the image sensors last year, which resulted in difficulties in setting the iPhone 15 launch date. Apple is looking to incorporating new technologies in its camera system, following the advancements made by its competitors, according to the report, which adds that separation of the sensor's internal components may result in higher pixel density, smaller pixel sizes, and reduced noise. iOS 17.6 Developer Beta 2 Brings New Catch Up Feature to Beta Testers Samsung was reportedly contacted by Apple to develop the CMOS sensor for the iPhone, which is now undergoing quality tests. This sensor is reported to have a three-wafer stack design, each wafer housing distinct elements. On the other hand, previous iPhone models have featured sensors with a two-wafer stack design, with transistors and photodiodes on the same wafer. Samsung's sensor may feature wafers attached using a process known as wafer-to-wafer hybrid bonding through a copper pad, according to the publication. iPhone 16 Pro to feature upgraded ultra-wide angle iPhone 16 Pro models are also reported to feature 48-megapixel ultra-wide cameras, a considerable upgrade over the existing 12-megapixel sensors. Furthermore, the iPhone 16 Pro is tipped to adopt the tetraprism lens which debuted with the iPhone 15 Pro Max, enabling support for 5x optical zoom using the telephoto camera. iPhone 16, Google Pixel 9 May Get Samsung-Manufactured Displays


Apple Begins Working on iOS 19, Gives It the Codename Luck: Report Apple is also speculated to introduce a new anti-reflective optical coating technology known as atomic layer deposition (ALD) to its cameras. However, it is unclear if this would come to the iPhone 16 Pro, iPhone 16 Pro Max, or both handsets. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Crypto Price Today: Bitcoin, Ether Prices Drop as Cryptocurrencies Continue to Be Volatile" ,  The crypto sector doesn't seem to be getting any respite, with most cryptocurrencies consistently showing losses on the price charts. Bitcoin showed a price decline of around 1.37 percent on Wednesday, July 3. On foreign exchanges like CoinMarketCap, BTC is trading at $60,827 (roughly Rs. 50.7 lakh) -- down by $810 (roughly Rs. 67,638) from the price point at which BTC stepped into the trading arena at the beginning of this week. Meanwhile, Indian exchanges like CoinSwitch and WazirX show BTC trading at the price point of $66,332 (roughly Rs. 55.3 lakh) on Wednesday. “The crypto market saw a fall following US' higher-than-expected job openings data. Technically, the market is slightly negative due to bearishness in BTC. However, ETF inflows continue to be positive, which is a good sign. Currently, Solana is outperforming BTC and ETH due to ETF hype and BTC could still drop further,” the CoinDCX markets desk told Gadgets360. Ether clocked losses alongside BTC on Wednesday, the crypto price tracker by Gadgets360 showed. At the time of writing, ETH was trading at $3,353 (roughly Rs. 2.80 lakh) on international exchanges, whereas the asset was priced $3,616 (roughly Rs. 3.02 lakh) on Indian exchanges. Sony to Resume Operations of Acquired Japanese Crypto Firm ‘WhaleFin’ “ETH after making the recent peak of $4,093 (roughly Rs. 3.41 lakh) witnessed a sharp correction and the prices fell by almost 31 percent. The asset started to trade in a ‘Descending Triangle' pattern. ETH gave a breakout above the pattern and rallied up $3,977 (roughly Rs. 3.32 lakh). The bulls, however, failed to cross the psychological level of $4,000 (roughly Rs. 3.34 lakh) and the asset saw some profit booking and dropped to $3,240 (roughly Rs. 2.70 lakh),” the ZebPay trade desk told Gadgets360. BTC and ETH were joined by most cryptocurrencies on the loss-making side of the price chart on Wednesday. Tether, Ripple, Dogecoin, Avalanche, Shiba Inu, and Polkadot registered losses. EU’s MiCA Inspires Nigerian Policy Analyst to Urge for Similar Crypto Laws Other altcoins that registered losses include Litecoin, Polygon, Stellar, Cosmos, and Cronos. The overall crypto market cap dipped by 2.76 percent in the last 24 hours, showed CoinMarketCap. The present sector valuation stands at $2.26 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,89,22.176 crore). Only a handful of cryptocurrencies managed to see gains on Wednesday. These include Solana, Cardano, Tron, Chainlink, Near Protocol, and Leo. “In altcoins, Solana seems to be the notable performer alongside Telegram backed Toncoin. Solana's rise can be attributed to the recent ETF filing by VanEck alongside one of its famous protocols to create memecoins, pump.fun generated two million dollars revenue in a day, more than Ethereum's daily revenue,” the CoinSwitch Markets Desk told Gadgets360. Solana is presently trading at $12,210 (roughly Rs. 10 lakh) on foreign exchanges and at $13,251 (roughly Rs. 11 lakh) on Indian exchanges. The buzz around ETH and SOL ETFs in US and Canada is also likely a factor behind the instability seen in the global crypto sector.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iOS 18 to Introduce India-Focused Customisation, Keyboard and Language Features" ,  iOS 18 — Apple's upcoming operating system update for eligible iPhone models — will arrive later this year with features tailored to users in India. These include new customisation options, improved language support for the default keyboard, Siri, and Translate app. Meanwhile, iOS 18 will also introduce improved controls for users who have two phone numbers. Developer betas of iOS 18 and other operating system updates from the company are already available to test, and these are expected to roll out to users in the coming months. Dual SIM switch, Live Voicemail Transcription and Live Caller ID After updating to iOS 18, users will be able to access a new toggle in the redesigned control centre, that can switch between two SIMs on an iPhone, bringing the experience on par with most Android smartphones that also allow users to switch between their primary and secondary SIM cards. Some features introduced on iOS 17 are also making their way to users in India on iOS 18 — Live Voicemail Transcription and Live Caller ID. These features allow users to see a real-time transcription of what a caller is saying, when a call is sent to voicemail. The update will also introduce T9 searching and dialling support, along with improvements to call history searches. Some iPhone Users Can Now Send RCS Messages Following iOS 18 Update Indian numerals on Lock Screen, Contact Posters With iOS 18, users will be able to modify their Lock Screen clock to display the time in numerals using 12 Indian languages. On iOS 17, Apple lets users pick from English, Arabic (Indic), Devanagiri, Khmer, and Burmese numerals, and the list is set to expand to include more languages later this year. Users will also be able to customise the font weight and colour, while setting up the Lock Screen and their Contact Poster. The upcoming update will include support for Arabic, Arabic Indic, Bangla, Devanagari, Gujarati, Gurmukhi, Kannada, Malayalam, Meitei, Odia, Ol Chiki, and Telugu. Multi-language support for keyboards and Siri, improved search using Indian languages Apple will update Siri with the ability to respond in Hindi to queries made in Hindi, when iOS  18 rolls out. The assistant will also be able to understand Indian English commands when used along with phrases from nine languages — Bengali, Gujarati, Hindi, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Punjabi, Tamil, and Telugu. Apple Releases iOS 18 Developer Beta 2 With iPhone Mirroring, More The default keyboard on iOS 18 will offer support for typing in two additional Indian languages, using Latin characters to type in English. When tying in English, users can also enter text in Bangla, Gujarati, Hindi, Marathi, Punjabi, Tamil, and Telugu, with trilingual predictive typing support. Meanwhile, users who prefer to directly type out their messages in Indian languages will have access to alphabetical layouts in Bangla, Gujarati, Hindi, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Odia, Punjabi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu. Apple’s Latest Update Allows iPhone, iPad Users to Format External Drives


iOS 18 Could Make Connecting iPhone With Third-Party Accessories Quicker


Apple Introduces a Quicker Way to Shut Down Your iPhone With iOS 18


iOS 18 May Bring AI Performance Boost to iPhone, Geekbench Score Suggests Looking up words and phrases in Assamese, Bangla, Devanagari, and Gujarati on iOS 18 will also take alternative spellings into account, making it easier to look up certain words that are spelled differently but have the same meaning. The Translate app on iOS 18 will also gain Hindi support, allowing web pages and other content across the system to be translated to Hindi. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple's A18 Chips Tipped to Power Entire iPhone 16 Lineup" ,  iPhone 16 lineup is expected to launch in September with a few upgrades over last year's iPhone family. Early rumours suggested that the top-end iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max models will usher in a new A-series processor. At the same time, the regular iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Plus were believed to pack the A17 Pro Bionic chip found in this year's iPhone 15 Pro models. Now, a leaked code from Apple's backend indicates that Apple is planning to arm the same A18 SoC across the entire iPhone 16 lineup. iPhone 16 identifiers leaked Back-end code discovered by Nicolas Alvarez (@nicolas09F9) and reported by MacRumors revealed that Apple will release four iPhone models this year and they will run on the same A18 chip. The discovered identifiers are — iPhone 17,1, iPhone 17,2, iPhone 17,3, iPhone 17,4, and iPhone 17,5. All five start with the same number, which reportedly indicates that Apple plans to use the same chip for them. The fifth identified could be used for another device, possibly a future iPhone SE variant. Apple usually links the identifier to the chip being used. Last year's iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Plus, which use the A16 Bionic SoC, came with identifiers iPhone 15,4 and iPhone 15,5. Both the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max fueled by the A17 Pro Bionic chipset, have identifiers iPhone 16,1 and iPhone 16,2. iPhone 16 Lineup to Get New Battery That Could Last Longer: Report If Apple follows this familiar identifier numbering scheme this year, we can expect all four iPhone 16 models to ship with the same A18 chip. The company might bring a two-tier system by packing an A18 on the standard models and an A18 Pro chip with different GPU and CPU scores on the iPhone 16 Pro models. We've heard several rumours corroborating these claims. Apple Might Slash Battery Capacity of This iPhone 16 Model Apple has not revealed any details about the forthcoming iPhone models yet. Therefore, all these details should be considered with a pinch of salt. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold May Support Improved Split-Screen Mode: Report" ,  Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold is likely to launch with display upgrades over the Pixel Fold, Google's first-ever foldable smartphone, which was unveiled in May 2023. Reports from earlier this year suggested that the purported Pixel Fold 2 smartphone could launch with the moniker Pixel 9 Pro Fold and sport significantly bigger displays. A new report suggests that the rumoured foldable device may arrive with improvements to the split-screen mode. It is also expected to get upgraded resolutions over the existing model. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold display details (expected) The Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold is expected to support an upgraded split-screen mode, which will allow users to arrange apps on the left and right side of the inner display while the phone is in portrait mode, according to an Android Authority report. This is reportedly due to changes made in the Android 14 QPR2 code seen by the publication. Currently, apps can only be arranged vertically on top of one another. The report also notes that the code does not explicitly mention that it is for the rumoured Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold. However, since the upcoming Pixel Fold successor is tipped to be the Pixel 9 Pro Fold, there is a probability that the code change will be reflected in the purported handset. Google's Next Foldable to Be Reportedly Called Pixel 9 Pro Fold The Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold is expected to come with an inner display resolution of 2,076 x 2,152 pixels, the report added. If true, this is another improvement over the 1,840 x 2,208 pixels resolution of the Google Pixel Fold inner display. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold features (expected) Earlier reports suggested that the Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold is likely to sport an 8.02-inch main display and a 6.29-inch cover screen. This is much larger than the existing 7.6-inch inner display and 5.8-inch outer screen of the Pixel Fold. Google Pixel 9, Pixel Fold 2 Alleged Case Renders Hint at Design


Google Pixel 9 Series Set to Launch in India on This Date The Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold could be powered by a Tensor G4 SoC, that has previously been tipped to support emergency satellite connectivity. The current Pixel Fold comes with a Tensor G2 chipset.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 Key Features Leak Ahead of July 10 Launch; Tipped to Get 6.7-inch Main Display" ,  Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 is set to be unveiled at the Galaxy Unpacked event in Paris on July 10 alongside the Galaxy Z Fold 6. The clamshell foldable smartphone is said to succeed the Galaxy Z Flip 5, which was launched in July 2023. Several details about the upcoming handset have been leaked previously, including its price, features and design elements. A tipster has now shared a list of key specifications of the Galaxy Z Flip 6, including the phone's processor, camera, display, battery and charging information. Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 features (expected) The tipster Ishan Agarwal (@ishanagarwal24) claimed in an X post that the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 is likely to sport a 6.7-inch full-HD+ main screen with a 120Hz refresh rate. The phone is expected to be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC paired with 12GB of RAM. It is likely to support 256GB and 512GB of onboard storage. For optics, the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 is tipped to get a dual rear camera unit, which is expected to include a 50-megapixel primary sensor with f/1.8 aperture and a secondary 12-megapixel ultra-wide shooter with an f/2.2 aperture. The front camera of the upcoming handset is likely to be equipped with a 10-megapixel sensor with f/2.2 aperture. Samsung Offers Pre-Order Reservations in India Ahead of Galaxy Unpacked Samsung is tipped to pack a 4,000mAh battery into the Galaxy Z Flip 6, which is expected to support 35W wired fast charging. However, the tipster also noted that previous leaks had suggested that the handset would likely support 25W wired fast charging. Users should, therefore, take this information with a pinch of salt. The leak added that the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 is likely to measure 165 x 71.7 x 7.4mm in size when unfolded. Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 price (expected) The Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 has previously been tipped to be priced at EUR 1,330 (roughly Rs. 1,18,000) and EUR 1,450 (roughly Rs. 1,30,000) for the 12GB + 256GB and 12GB + 512GB options, respectively. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Flip 6 Price Leak May Spell Bad News for Buyers


Samsung Galaxy Unpacked July 2024 Event Confirmed; Here's What to Expect Notably, pre-order reservations for the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 are currently open in India where customers can avail of several offers, discounts and other benefits.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Average NFT Sale Prices Fell Nearly 60 Percent in Second Quarter of 2024: Report" ,  The market for non-fungible tokens (NFTs) is witnessing a significant downturn in sales around the world. The most recent data by Cryptoslam showed that the average sale prices of NFTs have slipped by nearly 60 percent between March and June this year. The average price of an NFT around March was $193 (roughly Rs. 16,100), whereas in June, the price sunk to $79.17 (roughly Rs. 6,604). Cryptoslam stats show NFT market status As per CryptoSlam, The average NFT sale price dropped 59.11 percent in the second quarter of 2024, compared to the first quarter. The total sales volume, too, fell sharply — down from $1,604,580,523.51 (please add INR conversion) in March 2024 to $462,260,209.09 (please add INR conversion) in June. The number of unique NFT buyers, on the other hand, stood at 10,83,490 around March this year, but the figure reduced to 9,98,138 in June. Meanwhile, the number of unique NFT sellers tumbled from 6,75,306 in March to 4,75,999 in June. The figures clearly indicate that the NFT market is undergoing a significant downfall with only a few collections managing to attract buyers. Mudrex, KoinX Partner to Process Crypto Taxes for Users in India The Pizza BRC-20 NFTs, built atop the Bitcoin blockchain, has topped CryptoSlam's list of NFT collections that have seen a rise in sales volume over the last 30 days. DMarket, Crypto Punks, and Gods Unchained Cards secured the second, third, and fourth rankings, respectively, on the list. The NFT market has seen multiple ups and downs over the last few years. Between 2022 and 2023, international celebrities like Justin Bieber, Snoop Dogg, and Paris Hilton among others spent thousands of dollars on purchasing trendy digital collectibles while multiple renowned brands like Lufthansa Airlines and Casio Watch added NFTs to their rewards programmes and metaverse initiatives. Around December 2023, the hype around BTC ETFs in the US had added more buzz to the NFT market – but that was clearly short lived. RBI Mentions DeFi, Crypto Regulation in Latest Financial Stability Report As per the latest data, in January this year, the average price of an NFT was $109 (roughly Rs. 9,096) but as of July 2, the a4verage NFT price has fallen to $92.11 (roughly Rs. 7,687). It remains unclear if and when the NFT market would see any improvements given that their categorisation as digital assets or securities remains a debated topic in several nations. Recent developments in NFT arena NFTs are digital collectibles that are built on blockchain networks and can be inspired by an array of things like game characters, artists, drawings, cartoons, and even video content. The buyer of an NFT gets complete ownership and can choose to hold it, trade it, or sell it. Often, NFTs are loaded with virtual benefits and rewards from brands, gaming ecosystems, and artists. In April 2024, Samsung partnered with Wilder World metaverse game to offer NFT rewards to the buyers of its Web3 TV bundle packs. In India, the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) unveiled NFT tickets for Lucknow to Delhi train travel as Holi-themed digital souvenirs. In fact, Japanese tech giant Sony is trying to create a new category of NFTs, called SuperNFTs, that are created when players of its gaming ecosystem combine all their in-game NFTs into one entity. Several brands like Nike and Adidas have reworked their marketing strategies to include NFTs as a way to connect with a younger customer base.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "MSI Crosshair 16 HX Monster Hunter Edition Launched in India; MSI Claw Availability Announced" ,  MSI Crosshair 16 HX Monster Hunter Edition has been launched by the company in India, and the gaming laptop is available to purchase alongside the MSI Claw, the company's first handheld gaming console that was launched in India back in March. The gaming laptop runs on a 14th Gen Intel Core i7 processor paired with an Nvidia GeForce RTX 4060 graphics card. Meanwhile, the MSI Claw is available for purchase at a lower price that the one announced by the company earlier this year. MSI Crosshair 16 HX Monster Hunter Edition, MSI Claw price in India MSI Crosshair 16 HX Monster Hunter Edition price in India is set at Rs. 1,67,990 and the gaming laptop is available for purchase in a single Core Black colourway via the company's website, Amazon, Flipkart, and authorised retailers. Meanwhile, the company also says that the MSI Claw — launched in India in March — is available for purchase at Rs. 78,990 for the base model with an Intel Core Ultra 5 chipset and 512GB of storage. The Core Ultra 7 model is available in two variants with 512GB and 1TB of storage, priced at Rs. 86,990 and Rs. 89,990, respectively. Lenovo Legion Go With 8.8-Inch Display Debuts in India at This Price These prices are lower than the ones announced by the company earlier this year. However, the company says that the MSI Claw will be available at even lower prices — Rs. 10,000 off on all three models — for an unspecified period. MSI Crosshair 16 HX Monster Hunter Edition specifications The MSI Crosshair 16 HX Monster Hunter Edition features a 16-inch Quad-HD+ (2,560x1,600 pixels) IPS screen with a 240Hz refresh rate. It is powered by an Intel Core i7-14700HX CPU with 16GB of DDR5 RAM, and an Nvidia GeForce RTX 4060 GPU with 8GB of GDDR6 memory.  MSI Crosshair 16 HX Monster Hunter Edition  You get up 1TB of NVMe SSD storage on the MSI Crosshair 16 HX Monster Hunter Edition laptop and the laptop runs on Windows 11 Home out-of-the-box. It is equipped with two 2W speakers tuned by Nahimic, a microphone array, and a webcam that can record video at 720p/30fps. Gigabyte Aorus 16X, Gigabyte G6X AI-Backed Gaming Laptops Debut in India Connectivity options include Wi-Fi 6E, Bluetooth 5.3, one USB 3.2 Gen 2 Type-C port, three USB 3.2 Gen 1Type-A ports, an HDMI 2.1 port, a Gigabit Ethernet port, and a 3.5mm audio port. The laptop has a 4-cell 90Wh battery and can be charged at 240W with the included adapter. It measures 359 x 266.4 x 27.9 mm and weighs 2.5kg. MSI Claw specifications The MSI Claw runs on the same version of Windows as the Crosshair 16 HX Monster Hunter Edition laptop, and sports a 7-inch Full-HD (1,920x1080 pixels) IPS touchscreen display with a 120Hz refresh rate. It is equipped with up to Intel Core Ultra 7 (155H) processors, paired with 16GB of LPDDR5 RAM, and Intel Arc graphics and up to 1TB of NVMe SSD storage that can be expanded via a MicroSD card slot. Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 (2024) With AMD Ryzen 9 Processor Debuts in India You get support for Wi-Fi 7 and Bluetooth 5.4 connectivity on the MSI Claw, while the device also has a Thunderbolt 4 port and a 3.5mm headphone jack. Like other handheld gaming consoles, this device features RGB ABXY buttons and thumb sticks, a D-pad, triggers, and bumpers. The device has a fingerprint scanner and packs a 6-cell 54Wh battery that supports 65W fast charging with a USB PD 3.0 adapter. It measures 294 x 117 x 21.2mm in size and weighs 675g. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy M35 5G India Launch Teased, Might Go on Sale During Amazon Prime Day" ,  Samsung Galaxy M35 5G with the Exynos 1380 chipset was launched in select global markets in May. Now, Samsung is looking to bring this M series smartphone to India. An exact launch date is still under wraps but Amazon has teased the arrival of the handset. It is presumed to be launched during the Amazon Prime Day Sale 2024. The Galaxy M35 5G is backed by a 6,000mAh battery with 25W wired fast charging support. Samsung Galaxy M35 5G to be available on Amazon Amazon, via a banner on its website, teased the India launch of the Galaxy M35 5G. It is likely to be available during the Amazon Prime Day Sale 2024 that is set to take place from July 20 to July 21. The banner, however, does not reveal the exact launch date and time. Interested buyers can click on the “Notify Me” button on the e-commerce website to get the latest updates about the phone. In Brazil, the Galaxy M35 5G is retailing for BRL 2,699 (roughly Rs. 43,400) for the single 8GB RAM + 256GB variant and it is offered in Dark Blue, Grey, and Light Blue colourways. Samsung is expected to release the device in a similar price segment in India. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 New Renders Suggest Three Colour Options Samsung Galaxy M35 5G specifications The global variant of Galaxy M35 5G features a 6.6-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,340 pixels) AMOLED display with 120Hz refresh rate and up to 1,000nits of peak brightness. It runs on an octa-core Exynos 1380 chipset paired with 8GB of RAM, and 256GB of onboard storage. The onboard storage is expandable up to 1TB via a microSD card. For optics, the Galaxy M35 5G has a triple rear camera setup including a 50-megapixel primary camera, an 8-megapixel ultra wide-angle camera, and a 2-megapixel macro shooter. For selfies and video chats, there is a 13-megapixel front camera. It is backed by a 6,000mAh battery with support for 25W wired fast charging. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch Ultra Price, Specifications Leaked    Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Ajax Engineering Launches Enterprise-Grade AI Chatbot Concrete GPT for Industry-Focused Knowledge Sharing" ,  Ajax Engineering, a concreting solution provider, launched its artificial intelligence (AI) platform Concrete GPT on Tuesday. The AI chatbot is aimed at professionals in the concrete industry and serves as a knowledge-sharing space to share innovation, market insights, and regulatory updates. The company claims that more than a million specialists in India will benefit from this AI tool. The AI platform can be accessed even without signing up. However, accessing Concrete GPT with Ajax ID will unlock additional privileges for users. Concrete GPT launched by Ajax Engineering In a press release, Ajax Engineering stated that the AI platform is powered by OpenAI's GPT-4 large language model and Perplexity AI's engine. The platform is designed in a typical chatbot style where users can enter their queries and prompts via text, voice, or through WhatsApp chat. The chatbot supports text and audio interactions in several languages including English, Hindi, Telugu, Marathi, and Kannada. The company said the platform was developed with multiple Indian regional language support to ensure the benefits can reach even those who do not speak or write English. Despite being powered by the Perplexity engine, Concrete GPT cannot access the Internet. Its knowledge cut-off runs to March 2024. It has been trained on global construction standards and the latest trends in the concrete and construction industry. Anthropic Wants to Develop New Benchmarks for Advanced AI Models Highlighting some of the use cases of the chatbot, the company stated it can be used to gain technical support, practical maintenance tips to optimise machinery performance, and compliance with safety guidelines. The chatbot also offers information from diverse research materials to assist experts and veterans of the industry as well. Apple Intelligence’s Premium Features Could be Behind a Paid Tier: Report


Meta to Display This Message Following Backlash Over 'Made With AI' Label Concrete GPT platform appears similar to ChatGPT, however, it has a unique design. The website directly opens the chatbot with the text field at the bottom and the chat window occupying a large space in the middle. On the left margin, there are several Ajax-related prompts that a user can tap on to know more about the company. On the bottom-left side, a WhatsApp icon opens a QR code that can be scanned to talk to the chatbot directly in the instant messaging app. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Phone 1 to Get a 50-Megapixel Primary Main Camera; Design Details Also Revealed" ,  CMF Phone 1 is confirmed to launch in India on July 8 alongside the CMF Buds Pro 2 and CMF Watch Pro 2. The company has been teasing design elements and specifications of the upcoming smartphone over the past few days. Previously, the phone was teased to get a removable back plate. Now, it has revealed the design of the rear camera module and confirmed the main camera details. Notably, the handset is the first one by CMF. CMF Phone 1 camera design, sensor details According to an official X post, the CMF Phone 1 will be equipped with what appears to be a dual rear camera unit. The teaser post shows the module placed within a vertical, pill-shaped module at the top left corner of the panel. The two sensors in separate circular units are arranged vertically within the module. Day 7 of revealing CMF Phone 1.It's camera time. The CMF Phone 1 features a Sony 50 MP camera with an f/1.8 lens, designed to capture naturally beautiful images. Advanced algorithms – including Ultra XDR – enhance your photos, making them bright and immersive, no matter the… pic.twitter.com/aedTZJvLus— CMF by Nothing (@cmfbynothing) July 2, 2024 This rear camera module in the CMF Phone 1 is raised and has a different colour compared to the rest of the panel. Notably, a previous teaser suggested that the handset may come with a removable back plate. It is not yet clear if it will be only for superficial design purposes or will help in terms of repairability with access to battery and other internal elements. CMF Phone 1 Specifications Revealed Ahead of Launch on July 8 The aforementioned post also mentions that the CMF Phone 1 will be equipped with a 50-megapixel Sony sensor paired with an f/1.8 lens. It is also confirmed to get Ultra XDR support. CMF Phone 1 features Previous official social media posts have confirmed the CMF Phone 1 will come with an in-display fingerprint sensor and a 5,000mAh battery, which is claimed to offer a battery life of up to two days or support up to 22 hours of non-stop YouTube streaming. The CMF Phone is also confirmed to feature a MediaTek Dimensity 7300 5G SoC paired with 8GB of RAM, virtually expandable by an additional 8GB. It is also set to sport a 6.67-inch AMOLED screen with up to 120Hz refresh rate, HDR10+ support, and a peak brightness of 2,000 nits. CMF Phone 1 Will Feature a 120Hz Super AMOLED Display, Company Confirms


CMF Phone 1 Could Feature a Removable Back Plate, Teaser Suggests The phone has previously been tipped to launch with a 16-megapixel front camera sensor and an IP52-rated build. It will likely be priced under Rs. 20,000 in India. It will be available for purchase in the country via Flipkart.   Will the Nothing Phone 2 serve as the successor to the Phone 1, or will the two co-exist? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi Announces Mobile Service Camps to Commemorate 10th Anniversary in India" ,  Xiaomi India announced new Mobile Service Camps on Tuesday via social media platforms to commemorate its 10th anniversary in the country. The program, which has already kicked off, will be valid across authorised Xiaomi Service Centres. As per the company, users can avail of services such as complimentary mobile health checkups and free software updates. Furthermore, users looking to get their handsets repaired can get discounts on spare parts. Xiaomi India's Mobile Service Camps In a post on X (formerly Twitter), Xiaomi announced that it will be hosting “Mobile Service Camps” across its authorised service centres. The campaign kicked off on July 1 and will held till July 31. At these locations, Xiaomi smartphone users will be able to take advantage of free services such as health checkups of their handsets and even get them updated to the latest firmware. Celebrating #XiaomiIndia's 10th anniversary with 'Mobile Service Camps' exclusively at Authorized Xiaomi Service Centres!Get:1. Discounts up to 50% on spare parts2. Free mobile health check-up3. Free mobile software updateensuring you an amazing #Xiaomi experience!… pic.twitter.com/nFOjmzfmzk— Xiaomi India (@XiaomiIndia) July 2, 2024 Furthermore, it also announced special discounts of up to 50 percent for spare parts. The company said, “Celebrating #XiaomiIndia's 10th anniversary with 'Mobile Service Camps' exclusively at Authorized Xiaomi Service Centres!” The Chinese company first entered the Indian smartphone market in 2014 with its Mi 3 handset. It has established seven factories in the country in the subsequent years with an operational capacity of three smartphones per second, aligning with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ‘Make in India' initiative. It has expanded its portfolio which now includes smart TVs, power banks, tablets and wearable devices. Oppo A3 With Snapdragon 695 5G SoC, 5,000mAh Battery Debuts Xiaomi claims that 99 percent of the smartphones it sells in India are locally made, with 65 percent of their value locally sourced. In December 2023, it kicked off a pilot project to export smartphones to nations such as Bangladesh and Nepal. Google Pixel 9 Seen in a Pink Colour Option in Leaked Video


iQoo Z9 Lite 5G Design Revealed; to Launch in India on This Date On June 26, Xiaomi India announced the ‘Swasth Mahila Swasth Bharat' campaign in partnership with the Yuvraj Singh Foundation (YouWeCan) as part of its 10th anniversary celebrations. With this initiative, it will organise early cancer screenings for over 1,50,000 women across 15 Indian states over the next 12 months. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Colour Options Tipped Ahead of Expected Launch" ,  Samsung Galaxy S24 FE is expected to succeed the Galaxy S23 FE, which launched in October 2023. The purported smartphone has not yet been confirmed by the company. However, it has been spotted on benchmarking sites and has been part of several online leaks. Key features like the chipset, display, and camera details of the phone have been tipped. A recent leak also revealed the purported design of the handset. Now, a tipster has suggested the colour options of the anticipated smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE colour options (expected) The Samsung Galaxy S24 FE will likely launch in five colour options, according to an X post by DSCC's Ross Young (@DSCCRoss). He said that the anticipated Fan Edition smartphone will be offered in Black, Grey, Light Blue, Light Green, and Yellow colourways. Among these variants, the black shade is tipped to see the highest production volume. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE design, specifications (expected) An earlier leak showed the purported design of the Samsung Galaxy S24 FE. The phone appeared in a light green colourway in the leaked image, where it seemed to look similar to the base Galaxy S24 handset. Three small, circular camera units are seen arranged vertically in the top left corner of the rear panel alongside a smaller LED flash unit. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Leaked Renders Give Us First Look at Design In the leaked image, the Samsung Galaxy S24 FE is seen sporting a flat display with rounded corners, slim bezels, and a centred hole-punch slot at the top. The volume rocker and the power button appear on the right edge of the handset. The Samsung Galaxy S24 FE has previously tipped to be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset in the US and some other select markets. However, in India and some European countries, the phone is likely to get an in-house Exynos 2400 SoC. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Listed on Geekbench With Exynos 2400 SoC


Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Tipped to Get 50-Megapixel Main Camera Reports have also claimed that the Samsung Galaxy S24 FE, expected to be unveiled in October this year, may sport a 6.65-inch screen as well as a 50-megapixel main camera. The handset is also likely to support up to 12GB RAM and 256GB onboard storage. It may measure 162 x 77.3 x 8mm in size.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo A3 With Snapdragon 695 5G SoC, 5,000mAh Battery Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  Oppo A3 has been launched in China on Tuesday (July 2). The new A-series smartphone's launch comes a few months after the brand unveiled the Oppo A3 Pro in its home country. The Oppo A3 is available in three colourways and runs on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 695 5G chipset paired with up to 12GB RAM and maximum 512GB storage onboard. A 5,000mAh battery, a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit, 45W charging support, and an IP65-rated build are the other key highlights of the Oppo A3. Oppo A3 price The Oppo A3 is priced at CNY 1,599 (roughly Rs. 18,000) for the 8GB + 256GB version. The 12GB + 256GB and 12GB + 512GB variants are priced at CNY 1,799 (roughly Rs. 21,000) and CNY 2,099 (roughly Rs. 25,000), respectively. It is available in Mountain Stream Green, Aurora Purple, and Quiet Sea Black (translated from Chinese) colours. The handset is currently up for pre-orders through the Oppo online store in China and will go on sale from July 5. Oppo A3 specifications The dual-SIM (Nano) Oppo A3 runs on ColorOS 14.0 and sports a 6.7-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,412 pixels) AMOLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate, 394ppi pixel density and up to 240Hz touch sampling rate. The display is touted to deliver 600nits of manual peak brightness and up to 1,200nits of peak brightness in sunlight. It runs on an octa-core 6nm Snapdragon 695 5G chipset paired with 12GB of LPDDR4X RAM and 512GB of UFS 2.2 storage. The onboard memory can be expanded up to 24GB virtually using unused storage. Oppo Reno 12F 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC Goes Official On the camera front, the Oppo A3 has a dual rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor with support for autofocus alongside a 2-megapixel portrait camera. The phone gets an 8-megapixel selfie shooter and has an IP65-rated build. For connectivity, the Oppo A3 include 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 5, Bluetooth 5.1, Beidou, Glonass, Galileo, GPS, QZSS and USB Type-C port. Sensors onboard include an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, colour temperature sensor, gravity sensor, gyroscope, geomagnetic sensor, and proximity sensor. It features an in-display fingerprint scanner and supports facial recognition. Oppo Reno 12 5G Series India Launch Date Tipped The Oppo A3 houses a 5,000mAh battery with 45W charging support. The battery is claimed to offer up to four years of durability, while the fast charging technology is said to fill the battery from zero to 50 percent in 30 minutes. Ten minutes of charging is claimed to deliver up to 1.53 hours of video playback time. 




title = "Anthropic to Fund Initiative to Develop New Third-Party AI Benchmarks to Assess AI Models" ,  Anthropic announced a new initiative to develop new benchmarks to test the capabilities of advanced artificial intelligence (AI) models on Tuesday. The AI firm will be funding the project and has invited applications from interested entities. The company said that the existing benchmarks are not enough to fully test the capabilities and the impact of the newer large language models (LLMs). As a result, a new set of evaluations focused on AI safety, advanced capabilities, and its societal impact is needed to be developed, stated Anthropic. Anthropic to fund new benchmarks for AI models In a newsroom post, Anthropic highlighted the need for a comprehensive third-party evaluation ecosystem to overcome the limited scope of current benchmarks. The AI firm announced that through its initiative, it will fund third-party organisations that want to develop new assessments for AI models focused on quality and high safety standards. For Anthropic, the high-priority areas include tasks and questions that can measure an LLM's AI Safety Levels (ASLs), advanced capabilities in generating ideas and responses, as well as the societal impact of these capabilities. Under the ASL category, the company highlighted several parameters that include the capability of the AI models to assist or act autonomously in running cyberattacks, the potential of the models to assist in the creation of or enhancing the knowledge of creating chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear (CBRN) risks, national security risk assessment, and more. In terms of advanced capabilities, Anthropic highlighted that the benchmarks should be capable of assessing AI's potential to transform scientific research, participation and refusal towards harmfulness, and multilingual capabilities. Further, the AI firm said it is necessary to understand the potential of an AI model to impact society. For this, the evaluations should be able to target concepts such as “harmful biases, discrimination, over-reliance, dependence, attachment, psychological influence, economic impacts, homogenization, and other broad societal impacts.” Anthropic Launches a New Collaborative Feature for Claude AI


Apple Intelligence’s Premium Features Could be Behind a Paid Tier: Report


Meta to Display This Message Following Backlash Over 'Made With AI' Label Apart from this, the AI firm also listed some principles for good evaluations. It said evaluations should not be available in training data used by AI as it often turns into a memorisation test for the models. It also encouraged keeping between 1,000 to 10,000 tasks or questions to test the AI. It also asked organisations to use subject matter experts to create tasks that test performance in a specific domain. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Brings Alternative Payment Options to Vision Pro in the EU with visionOS 1.2 Update" ,  Apple Vision Pro – the company's first-ever mixed reality headset – received a new update last month which brought improvements to existing features such as Persona, Mac Virtual Display and Contact Key Verification. However, there was one additional feature which Apple did not advertise but is said to have been introduced – alternative payment options in the European Union (EU). Following the update, developers have the option to choose between allowing users to pay through the App Store or an alternative means. Apple Vision Pro visionOS 1.2 update In a note to developers, Apple said that the visionOS 1.2 update adds the ability to select alternative payment options in the EU. This move is in compliance with the Digital Markets Act (DMA) legislation which allows developers to offer alternative modes of payment such as other service providers and external webpages, in addition to the App Store's in-app purchasing system. Apple said, “Alternative payment options are now supported starting in visionOS 1.2 for apps distributed on the App Store in the EU.” Apple Intelligence’s Premium Features Could be Behind a Paid Tier: Report The Cupertino-based tech giant announced the arrival of alternative payment options in January. Users with devices running iOS, macOS, tvOS and watchOS could make payments outside the App Store. This functionality was added to iPad models too, with the rollout of iPadOS 18 Developer Beta 2. Now, it is being introduced to Apple Vision Pro too. This move enables developers to pay a reduced commission of 10 percent on purchases with no additional fee. Notably, Apple announced in June that its AR/VR headset would be available in more markets following its initial availability in the US. It was introduced in EU regions such as France and Germany, alongside other markets like Canada, Australia, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore and the UK. Apple Will Reportedly Offer Gemini AI Alongside ChatGPT on iOS 18


iOS 17.6 Developer Beta 2 Brings New Catch Up Feature to Beta Testers Cheaper Apple headset Apple may also be reportedly developing a cheaper version of its headset, dubbed Apple Vision. It is speculated to be a stripped-down version of the headset with a limited number of features, but one that could be more affordable. Apple Vision may be priced between $1,500 (roughly Rs. 1,25,300) to $2,000 (roughly Rs. 1,67,000) and could launch by the end of 2025. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Maps Patent Hints at a Multi-Car Navigation Feature, Enabling Easier Group Travel" ,  Google Maps is one of the most widely used navigation apps in the world, with 60 million active users in India alone as of 2023, according to Miriam Daniel, Vice President and Head of Google Maps. The web mapping platform introduces new features and improvements to existing ones on a regular basis, helping solo travellers navigate across geographical regions with step-by-step directions. According to a recent patent filing, it may be planning to bring enhanced functionality for those travelling in groups too, via a potential multi-car navigation feature. Multi-Car Navigation on Google Maps According to a patent filed by Google with the US Patent and Trademark Office (via @xleaks7) on June 25, the search giant is developing plans for a feature which allows users from different locations to navigate to a shared destination within a specified time period.  Google Maps Patent for Multi-Car NavigationPhoto Credit: US Patent and Trademark Office/Google The patent, titled “Providing Navigation Instructions to One Device in View of Another Device”, is for a navigation service that can determine multiple users travelling to a common destination from different origin points. It is said to have access to the calendar schedule and messages of users to determine the travelling intentions of users. If multiple users are detected, it is claimed to coordinate the travel by sending them invites to join the multi-car navigation and providing directions to the same destination within similar periods. Google May Introduce a Quicker Way to Bring Up Incognito Mode on Android Alternatively, users may be able to place explicit requests for multi-car navigation when organising trips. The navigation service can indicate the locations of all users travelling on the map, routes shared by all parties, identify places where they can wait for each other and also suggest speed adjustments, as per the patent. Furthermore, it is also said to relay data about the traffic and road conditions to all the vehicles, determining it by the road traversed by the lead vehicle in the group. It may also send a notification if a vehicle in the group takes a detour, and suggest stops on the way to others in order to let them catch up. Meta to Display This Message Following Backlash Over 'Made With AI' Label


Circle to Search Feature Might Soon Scan QR Codes and Barcodes The feature is suggested to work with smartphones not only operating as standalone but also devices connected to a vehicle's infotainment system via either USB or Bluetooth. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel 9 Alleged Hands-on Video Shows Off Pink Colour Variant With Rounded Corners" ,  Google will be unveiling its highly anticipated Pixel 9 series on August 13. As we near the date, a new leak gives us a fresh look at the vanilla model. The alleged hands-on video of the Pixel 9 shows the device in a pink shade. It is claimed to be available on sale in Algeria. The video suggests rounded corners for the Pixel 9 and the rear panel appears to have a glossy finish. Pixel 9 hands-on video leaked X user Hani Mohamed Bioud (@hanibioud ) claimed that the Google Pixel 9 is "already out in Algeria" with 256GB storage. The alleged hands-on video of the phone attached to the post shows the phone in a new pink colour from all angles. The 12-second video indicates a pill-shaped camera bar, rounded corners, and a flat back panel and screen. Pixel 9 is already out in Algeria.Storage: 256GBColor : PinkI'll keep you updated tomorrow morning. pic.twitter.com/0mE1QlCbEg— Hani Mohamed Bioud (@hanibioud) July 1, 2024 The rear panel of the Pixel 9 seems to have a glossy finish, while the camera bar features a matte finish. The camera bar seems to be larger than the Pixel 8. The phone has a squared-off frame, corroborating the design language seen in previously leaked renders. Google will reveal the Pixel 9 series at its August hardware launch event. The event will begin on August 13 at 10:00am Pacific Time (10:30pm IST). This year's Pixel lineup is expected to include a new Pixel 9 Pro XL model alongside the standard Pixel 9 and Pixel 9 Pro. Google Reportedly Completes Design Process for Its Tensor G5 Chipset


Google May Introduce a Quicker Way to Bring Up Incognito Mode on Android The Pixel 9 series is said to ship with Android 15 and Tensor G4 SoC. The vanilla Pixel 9 is anticipated to feature a 6.24-inch AMOLED display. The Pro and XL models could feature 6.34-inch and 6.73-inch AMOLED screens, respectively. The panels could offer 120Hz refresh rate. 




title = "OpenSSH Vulnerability regreSSHion Identified, More Than 14 Million Servers at Risk: Report" ,  OpenSSH servers in large numbers are reportedly affected by a newly discovered vulnerability. This vulnerability is said to be a regression of a previously patched vulnerability that has resurfaced. As per the report, more than 14 million servers were found to be at risk, particularly those with versions earlier than 4.4p1 can be affected by this vulnerability dubbed regreSSHion. This regression was reportedly introduced in October 2020 (OpenSSH 8.5p1). The vulnerability has been labelled and is being tracked as CVE-2024-6387. Researchers identify major OpenSSH vulnerability Cybersecurity firm Qualys, which discovered the vulnerability, said in a post that CVE-2024-6387 is a remote unauthenticated code execution (RCE) vulnerability in OpenSSH's server (sshd). OpenSSH, also referred to as OpenBSD Secure Shell (SSH), is a suite of tools that facilitate secure communication over a network. It is a widely implemented SSH protocol that provides a safe encrypted channel over an unsecured network. The system is used for both internal networks as well as over the Internet. During the investigation, the cybersecurity firm reportedly found more than 14 million potentially vulnerable OpenSSH server instances that were exposed to the Internet. Among them, there were reportedly 7,00,000 external internet-facing instances that were vulnerable to the condition. This high number of exposed servers highlights the scale of risk these systems face. Medusa Banking Trojan Returns to Target Android Users in These Countries As per the report, the current vulnerability is a regression of a previously patched vulnerability from 2006 dubbed CVE-2006-5051, which is why it is also being called regreSSHion. An attacker can hypothetically execute arbitrary code with the highest privileges and compromise the entire system due to this vulnerability. Further threat actors can also bypass critical security mechanisms to gain root access to the impacted server. However, Qualys also pointed out that this vulnerability is not easy to exploit due to it being a remote race condition, and it will likely require multiple break-in attempts before an attack results in success. BSNL Reportedly Suffers Major Data Breach Affecting Millions of Users


Apple’s Internal Tools’ Source Code Allegedly Stolen, Leaked on Dark Web The cybersecurity firm recommended enterprises using OpenSSH to apply available patches as soon as possible and to prioritise the ongoing update process. Enterprises are also asked to limit SSH access through network-based controls to minimise the attack risks. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Mudrex, KoinX Partner to Process Crypto Taxes for Users in India" ,  Mudrex, a crypto investment platform headquartered in Bengaluru, has entered into a partnership with crypto tax computing platform, KoinX. As part of the agreement between both firms, Mudrex users in India will be able to file their crypto taxes in time, before the upcoming deadline. In India, customers must pay taxes on cryptocurrency transactions, including a 1 percent tax deducted at source (TDS). The financial authorities are analysing the discipline of the Web3 sector, while regulation governing digital assets and cryptocurrencies is yet to be introduced by the government. KoinX, Mudrex partnership for crypto tax filing As part of this partnership, KoinX will offer its dashboard to Mudrex users to generate crypto tax reports. The dashboard is equipped with advanced algorithms to ease the process of computing crypto taxes for end users, according to the tax computing platform. Moving forward, KoinX is experimenting with ITR filing plans to make it part of the service portfolio. “The plans are curated for individuals, investors, enterprises, and professionals. After selecting a tax plan, users receive guidance from a dedicated consultant, streamlining their tax preparation and filing process,” the company said on Tuesday. Sony to Resume Operations of Acquired Japanese Crypto Firm ‘WhaleFin’ After completing the tax computing process, KoinX will let users download VDA-compliant tax reports, which are essential for filing their ITRs. “At KoinX, our mission is to simplify crypto tax compliance. This partnership intends to develop a more compliant and contented user base, contributing to the overall growth and maturity of the crypto industry in India,” KoinX founder Punit Agarwal said in a prepared statement. Last December, Agarwal told Gadgets360 that if India's crypto circle keeps showing the authorities that it was disciplined about tax filings, the government make take a more supportive stance for the growth of the industry. RBI Mentions DeFi, Crypto Regulation in Latest Financial Stability Report About India's tax regime Crypto earnings taxed in India, which means that crypto holders in India pay a 30 percent tax on these incomes. Additionally, crypto traders and investors pay one percent TDS on each transaction, as per existing laws. Last year, MoS (Finance) Pankaj Chaudhary stated that the TDS collection from crypto transactions reportedly amounted to $7.4 million (roughly Rs. 60 crore), between June and November 2022. This amount spiked by $11.6 million (roughly Rs. 95 crore) between November 2022 and April 2023, indicating a rise in crypto transactions in India. Finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman has yet to address protests from the crypto sector, where several members of the industry have requested the government to reduce taxes on cryptocurrency transactions in the country. The Centre for Tax Laws, Hyderabad-based NALSAR University of Law, and some individual members of the crypto industry recently released a report. The findings from this report suggested that India could fetch Rs. 5,144 crores through capital gains by 2027, if the government makes changes to its crypto laws.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iQoo Z9 Lite 5G India Launch Date Set for July 15; Design Revealed" ,  iQoo Z9 Lite 5G will be introduced in the Indian market soon. The company has confirmed the launch date of the smartphone in the country and has also revealed its design. The upcoming handset has been tipped to be a rebranded Vivo T3 Lite 5G. It will join the existing iQoo Z9 5G series models in the country, which include the iQoo Z9 5G and the iQoo Z9x 5G, launched in March and May this year, respectively. iQoo Z9 Lite 5G India launch The iQoo Z9 Lite 5G will launch in India on July 15, the company said. iQoo India CEO Nipun Marya (@nipunmarya) confirmed the same in an X post and shared a promotional poster that shows the design of the rear panel of the upcoming handset. Taking it slow? - no more! A #FullyLoaded5G experience awaits you! #iQOOZ9Lite pic.twitter.com/Gx9qmPQ2Ss— Nipun Marya (@nipunmarya) July 2, 2024 iQoo Z9 Lite 5G design The rear panel of the iQoo Z9 Lite 5G is seen with a rectangular camera module in the top left corner. Two camera sensors in two separate circular units are arranged vertically within the island. The LED flash unit is placed beside the camera sensors. The phone appears in a green shade with a marble-like patterned finish. The design is also similar to the Vivo T3 Lite 5G, which was unveiled in India on June 27. iQoo Z9x First Impressions iQoo Z9 Lite 5G features, price range (expected) Since the iQoo Z9 Lite 5G has previously been tipped to be a rebranded Vivo T3 Lite 5G, and the design reflects the alleged similarity, they may likely share similar features. The upcoming iQoo handset may, therefore, get a 6nm octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC, a 5,000mAh battery and an IP64-rated build. The iQoo Z9 Lite may sport a 6.56-inch 90Hz HD+ LCD screen, an AI-backed 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit and an 8-megapixel selfie shooter. The phone is said to launch as iQoo's "first entry-level 5G phone." Therefore, it is likely to be cheaper than the iQoo Z9 Lite 5G and iQoo Z9x 5G, which are priced at Rs. 19,999 and Rs. 12,999, respectively. iQoo Z9 Review


iQoo Z9 Turbo+ Tipped to Launch Soon With This MediaTek Dimensity Chipset Notably, the Vivo T3 Lite 5G is priced in India at Rs. 10,499 and Rs. 11,499 for the 4GB + 128GB and 6GB + 128GB variants, respectively.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster Will Launch in September, Pre-Orders Now Live" ,  Zombie-killing photojournalist Frank West will be returning in Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster, a new version of the 2006 game updated for current generation of consoles and PC. The remaster project, first announced last week, received a release date at the Capcom Next showcase Tuesday. Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster will arrive September 19 on PC, PS5 and Xbox Series S/X, with pre-orders for the action-adventure title now live across all platforms. Publisher Capcom provided a gameplay overview for Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster at its summer showcase, detailing the new features and visual upgrades coming to the game. Developed on the RE Engine, the remastered game will feature improved graphics, a better control scheme, 3D audio support and a host of other quality-of-life changes to improve playability. Capcom also confirmed that the game will include 14 languages for text and nine for voiceover.\ Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster features During the Capcom showcase, Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster director Ryosuke Murai confirmed that the game will run at 4K resolution and 60fps framerate. In-game character models, too, are getting an overhaul, bringing more detail and polish. The setting of the game, the Willamette Parkview Mall, is also getting a fresh coat of paint, with real-time lighting and shadow effects. “All of the graphics, including the characters and environments, have been renewed, and greatly improved over the original. Character's facial expressions, material textures, and blood spatter all look much more realistic,” the game's description on its Steam page adds. Next Resident Evil Game Is in Development, Capcom Confirms Quality-of-life improvements coming to the game include the ability to move while aiming, more intuitive controls, a new auto-save feature and an updated user interface. Murai also confirmed that the remaster would feature improved NPC behavior. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  This is not the first time that Dead Rising has been remastered. Originally released exclusively for Xbox 360 in 2006, the action-adventure title was remastered for PC, PS4 and Xbox One in 2016. The “Deluxe Remaster” will bring the game to current-gen consoles. In addition to Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster, Capcom confirmed it would focus on re-activating dormant IPs that haven't seen a new release in recent times. “The company is working to further enhance corporate value by continuing to leverage its rich library of content, such as by reviving past IPs as Deluxe Remasters to make highly-efficient and high-quality titles,” the publisher said in a press release. The digital version of Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster will arrive September 19 on PC, PS5 and Xbox Series S/X, followed by the launch of the physical version in November. The game is available in Standard and Digital Deluxe editions, with pre-orders currently live on all platforms.  Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Could Reportedly Introduce a Paid Apple Intelligence Subscription to Drive Revenue" ,  Apple Intelligence might become a new revenue channel for the company in the future, as per a report. The Cupertino-based tech giant announced its suite of artificial intelligence (AI) features dubbed Apple Intelligence at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024. Once it rolls out, users will get features like the AI-powered Siri, Writing Tools across apps, and image generation features via the Image Playground. ChatGPT is also being integrated into the tech giant's operating systems. For now, these features are going to be available free of cost but this could change in the future. Apple Intelligence could reportedly get a paid tier Bloomberg's Mark Gurman stated in the Power On newsletter that the tech giant's long-term plan with Apple Intelligence might be to generate revenue through it. The report further added that the company could launch a service dubbed “Apple Intelligence+” in the future with some premium AI features that require a monthly fee to access, similar to its existing iCloud or Apple Music subscription. The reasoning given by Gurman behind creating more revenue channels via the software and services route is that the company has witnessed a decline in sales of its devices in recent years. The decline is reportedly due to the slowing pace of hardware innovation, the lack of major design changes, and the improved longevity of devices due to the usage of more durable material. Apple Will Reportedly Offer Gemini AI Alongside ChatGPT on iOS 18 As per the report, one way Apple might consider ensuring revenue growth despite consumers' slower device upgrade cycles is to focus on its software-based AI services. The tech giant's deal with OpenAI is also said to give it a cut of the subscription revenue the AI firm generates from Apple users. Similar clauses might be placed in deals with other speculated AI partners such as Google and Anthropic. Apple Intelligence to Reportedly Soon Arrive on Apple Vision Pro


Apple Delays the Launch of These Apple Intelligence Features in Europe Despite these speculations, Apple has said that the AI features will be available free of cost to those using a compatible device. Notably, only the iPhone 15 Pro and the iPhone 15 Pro Max will support Apple Intelligence at launch. The AI features might be extended to older devices using Private Cloud Compute, the company's cloud servers to run AI computing, which was also announced at the WWDC this year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Series Could Be Launched Without Standard Model: Report" ,  Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 series is likely to be unveiled at the company's upcoming Galaxy Unpacked event on July 10. The series is expected to succeed the Galaxy Tab S9 lineup which included three variants - Galaxy Tab S9, Tab S9+ and Tab S9 Ultra. However, a new report claims that the Galaxy Tab S10 series may only launch with a plus and an ultra model. Previous leak and benchmark listings suggested that the tablets will be powered by MediaTek Dimensity chipsets. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 series launch (Rumoured) The purported Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 will not arrive in a standard variant, according to a post on Naver (in Korean). Citing industry sources, the report says that the lineup will only arrive with a Plus and an Ultra model, with large AMOLED screens that are at least 12 inches in size. This is a move of the South Korean tech giant, the report explained, aimed at streamlining its competition against Apple. The iPhone maker recently unveiled the 11-inch and 13-inch iPad Pro tablets with OLED screens, as well as 11-inch and 13-inch iPad Air models. Leaked Renders of Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra Suggest Familiar Design Notably, the existing base Galaxy Tab S9 sports an 11-inch Dynamic AMOLED 2X display, while the Galaxy Tab S9+ and Tab S9 Ultra variants have 12.4-inch and 14.6-inch screens, respectively. The aforementioned post also states that the Samsung Galaxy Tab S10+ and Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra will go into production later this month. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 series features (Rumoured) An earlier Geekbench listing for the Samsung Galaxy Tab S10+ suggested that it is likely to be powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset paired with 12GB of RAM. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10+ Listed on Geekbench With a MediaTek Chipset


Samsung Offers Pre-Order Reservations in India Ahead of Galaxy Unpacked Leaked design renders of the Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra suggested that it will look mostly like its predecessor, the Galaxy Tab S9 Ultra. The leaked render showed the tablet with dual front as well as dual back cameras, and volume and power buttons in similar arrangements as the older version.   Is the Xiaomi Pad 6 the best Android tablet you can buy under Rs. 30,000 in India? We discuss the company's latest mid-range tablet on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Reportedly Completes Design Process for Tensor G5 Chipset for Pixel 10 Series" ,  Google Pixel 10 isn't expected to debut until 2025 but its development process seems to have already kicked off. According to a report, its chipset – the purported Tensor G5 – has reached the “tape out” stage, meaning its design process is complete and it can be sent for fabrication. This development builds upon previous speculation that the Tensor G5 will be fully customised by Google, instead of being based on a Samsung Exynos SoC. Google completes design process for chipset on Pixel 10 series According to a report by Taiwan's Commercial Times, the design process of the Tensor G5 chipset is now complete, and it is ready to be fabricated. This stage, known as “tape out”, is said to be critical as it now allows the company to produce the chipset at a foundry and test it thoroughly. The publication states that the California-based tech giant has reached an agreement with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) – the foundry which is anticipated to be responsible for its fabrication. Since the design process is complete, the chip can now be manufactured, giving Google almost a year to test it for performance and efficiency — or make improvements, if required. iPhone 16, Google Pixel 9 May Get Samsung-Manufactured Displays The Tensor G5 is said to be developed fully by Google, unlike the previous four generations which were based on an Exynos chip from Samsung. This exclusivity might not only enable the company to add features specific to the Pixel 10 series but also improve upon shortcomings of previous generations, especially when it comes to battery optimisation and thermal management – two of the issues which have impacted Google's smartphones in recent times. The next generation Tensor G5 chip is expected to be built using TSMC's second-generation 3nm node (N3E), further simplifying the initial N3B process. A smaller chip size usually has smaller components which is claimed to offer better power efficiency. Furthermore, this small size allows the fabricator to integrate more transistors, increasing its performance capabilities for computing tasks. Google Pixel 9 Series Set to Launch in India on This Date


Honor Magic V3, Magic Vs3, MagicPad 2 and More Set to Launch on This Date The chip is expected to debut with the Google Pixel 10 series next year. On the other hand, the Pixel 9 series, which is scheduled to launch on August 13 at the Made by Google event, is speculated to get the Tensor G4 chipset under the hood, which will still be based on a Samsung processor. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google App Reportedly Testing New Incognito Mode Shortcut for Quicker Access on Latest Beta Version" ,  Google is testing a new shortcut option for the Incognito mode on its search app, allowing users to quickly access the feature, according to a report. This feature was spotted in a beta version of the Google app for Android smartphones, alongside another addition which makes labels from the bottom banner disappear. This development comes just a week after it was reported that the search engine may stop offering continuously scrolling search results on mobile and desktop platforms. Google's new Incognito mode shortcut Android Authority spotted a new shortcut that brings up the Incognito tab on the Google app for Android, on version 15.26.34.29.arm64. The latest beta version is available to download to testers who have opted to receive beta updates via the Google Play Developer Program. Tapping on the search box reportedly bring up a new Chrome Incognito option above the keyboard. This may enable users to switch to Incognito Mode quickly, instead of the current solution — tapping on the profile picture option in the top-right corner of the screen and then selecting the Incognito tab below the account. WhatsApp Now Lets You Create Events in Group Chats on iPhone The update also reportedly brings an enhanced look for the home tab on the Google app. Labels which previously appeared, such as Home, Search and Saved are now hidden, while only the icons are visible, providing a simplified look to the interface. While these options are reportedly available with the latest Google app beta update, Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to access them, which suggests that it is a server-side change. Circle to Search on the Google app to get an update The Google app is also reportedly gaining support for Circle to Search – the visual lookup feature powered by artificial intelligence (AI). It was spotted in a beta version of the Google app and may let users scan any QR codes or barcodes visible on the screen. Circle to Search Feature Might Soon Scan QR Codes and Barcodes


YouTube May Soon Let Users Set Custom Thumbnails for Playlists Meanwhile, a chip that shows the URL of the destination website may also be visible next to the code, according to the report. This option is said to be accessible by long pressing the Home button. and is likely to roll out to users on the stable channel at a later date. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Amazon Prime Day Sale 2024 India Dates Announced: Bank Offers, Deals Revealed" ,  Amazon's biggest sale event of the year — Amazon Prime Day 2024 — will take place in the third week of July. The two-day online sale will be exclusive to Amazon Prime members and it will bring discounts on categories ranging from consumer tech to home goods to fashion, apparel and beyond. Like in previous years, Amazon is joining hands with select lenders to provide assured savings on payments made through their cards and EMI transactions. Amazon products like Echo devices are also slated to receive price cuts during the sale. Amazon Prime Day Sale 2024 dates are live The online marketplace on Tuesday announced that the eighth edition of its popular Amazon Prime Day Sale will begin 12:00am on Saturday, July 20 and end at 11:59pm July 21 Sunday. The 48-hour sale event is confirmed to see new product launches from over 450 Indian and global brands like Intel, Samsung, OnePlus, iQoo, Honor, Sony, Asus and more. Amazon Prime Day 2024 is also confirmed to bring thousands of new launches from small and medium businesses across categories including home and kitchen, fashion and grooming, jewellery, handmade products, and many more. Honor 200 5G Series Amazon Page Goes Live; India Launch Imminent Amazon Prime Day Sale 2024 bank offers During Amazon Prime Day 2024, buyers can avail of 10 percent savings on payment using ICICI Bank cards and credit card EMI transactions, SBI credit cards, and credit card EMI transactions. This exclusive benefit sweetens the deal even further. Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card users can avail of welcome rewards up to Rs. 2,500, cashback of Rs. 300 (only for Prime members) and rewards up to Rs. 2,200 during the sale. Amazon's upcoming Prime Day Sale will be packed with deals across flagship Amazon products as well. The Echo smart speakers and Fire TV sticks are confirmed to get up to 55 percent discount. Besides sale offers, Amazon is assuring same-day and next-day delivery across millions of products. Amazon Prime Day Sale 2024 is an exclusive Prime members-only event. Shoppers can purchase a Prime membership to participate in the discount sale. If you aren't already a Prime member, you can start the 30-day free trial to make purchases during the sale. Sharmajee Ki Beti Review: A Tender Portrayal of Womanhood, Held Back by Cliches Prime membership in India costs Rs. 299 for a month, Rs. 599 for three months, and Rs. 1,499 for a year. The Amazon Prime Shopping Edition plan for 12 months is priced at Rs. 399. Prime members can avail of free fast delivery on eligible items, stream the latest TV shows and movies on Amazon Prime Video, access Prime Music, Prime Reading, and get exclusive access to select deals and more.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Instagram, Facebook to Display 'AI Info' on Posts Following Backlash Over 'Made With AI' Label" ,  Meta has updated the artificial intelligence (AI) content detection label from “Made with AI” to “AI Info” on Monday. The announcement came just days after several Instagram influencers and photographers criticised the social media giant for incorrectly labelling their original posts as AI-generated content. In a post, Meta acknowledged that its previous label was not aligned with people's expectations and did not always provide enough context. The company now hopes the new label will eliminate the confusion while providing context about images and videos edited using AI tools. Meta changes AI content detection label to 'AI Info' The company updated an older post where it highlighted its approach towards labelling AI-generated content, and highlighted that posts will no longer be labelled “Made with AI” and instead will be tagged as “AI Info”. However, Meta will continue to flag posts which have even minor edits made using any AI tool. While several users have started seeing the new label, Gadgets 360 was not able to verify it. The new labels will likely become visible to all users in the coming days. Users can also click on the AI label to gain more context about it. Tapping on it opens a bottom sheet that says, “Generative AI may have been used to create or edit content in this post.” It also shares information about what is generative AI, for users who are not familiar with the technology. WhatsApp for Android Might Soon Let You Pick The Llama Model for Meta AI As per the post, Meta uses industry-standard indicators that other companies include in content created using their tools to detect whether something is created with the help of AI. Notably, some of these indicators include the Coalition for Content Provenance and Authenticity (C2PA) and the International Press Telecommunications Council (IPTC) standards.  Undetected AI generated images on Instagram  The social media giant also highlighted that it will continue to work with companies across the industry to improve its AI labelling process to ensure it better matches their intent. However, as detected by Gadgets 360, a large number of AI-generated images continue to be undetected by the company's tools. Meta Quest May Soon Let You Place Windows Anywhere, Like the Vision Pro


Meta Faces EU Charges Over Breach of Rules With Pay or Consent Model There is also the concern that the generous usage of the “AI Info” label to even flag the images that have been retouched using AI might dilute the real purpose behind them which is to identify deepfakes and manipulative AI content. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung SmartThings Energy Flex Connect Programme With Energy Consumption Management Launched" ,  Samsung on Monday announced the launch of a new demand response programme called SmartThings Energy Flex Connect. As part of this initiative, users can enrol their devices and automate the management of energy consumption, especially during scenarios when power demand is at its highest. Samsung says devices can 'communicate' with the power grid and automatically reduce the consumption when a strain is detected – a move aimed at fostering a sustainable energy grid, according to the firm. Samsung's SmartThings Energy Flex Connect The South Korean firm said in a newsroom post that the SmartThings app can be used to enrol energy-intensive devices such as thermostats, plugs, air conditioners, lights, TVs and other appliances through SmartThings Energy – the company's energy management solution. This enables users to monitor devices for power consumption, courtesy of a partnership with utility providers and grid-service programs. Samsung says that Flex Connect is capable of automatically toggling the AI Energy Mode on compatible appliances which claims to reduce energy consumption by up to 70 percent. It can enable and disable the following modes: Maximum saving, Carbon Intensity and Custom. Samsung says devices with Flex Connect support will automatically limit their power consumption when a Demand Response signal is received. Samsung’s SRI-B Teams Up With Institutes to Expand Galaxy AI Languages It also offers a power off function, automatically turning off devices when not in use. According to Samsung, it also supports third-party lights and plugs. Furthermore, Flex Connect is also claimed to be capable of smart temperature adjustment for thermostats. If users do not have compatible appliances whose power consumption can be tweaked automatically, the SmartThings app will send alerts to the user for manual intervention during peak hours. The initiative has been launched in California and New York, allowing users to not only save energy, reduce their bills and limit their carbon footprint, but also earn Samsung Reward Points along the way – an incentive to use Flex Connect. Wakefit Brings Temperature-Control Mattress, Contactless Sleep Tracker


Moto Tag Bluetooth Tracker With Find My Device Network Support Launched "SmartThings Energy empowers our users with tools and information to monitor their energy consumption and save money, and launching Flex Connect is a crucial step in creating a greener and smarter world.” Chanwoo Park, Executive VP, Samsung Electronics, said in a prepared statement. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Intelligence to Offer Google Gemini AI Integration Alongside ChatGPT on iOS 18: Report" ,  Apple might offer Google's Gemini AI integration when Apple Intelligence rolls out as part of iOS 18 later this year, according to Bloomberg's Mark Gurman. At the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 keynote event, Apple announced its partnership with OpenAI would bring the latter's ChatGPT artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot, to the iPhone's operating system. While the company did not mention Google's AI model during the event, in a post-event interaction, the tech giant confirmed that it is exploring the integration of multiple third-party AI models. Apple working on adding support for Google's Gemini AI In the latest version of his Power On newsletter, Gurman reiterated that Apple was not in talks with Meta to bring Llama 3 to iOS 18, which was widely reported early last week. The tech giant is making attempts to integrate Google Gemini and Anthropic's Claude AI into its smartphones, he adds. The report hints that if the timing is right, Apple might be able to offer both Gemini and ChatGPT by the time Apple Intelligence is fully rolled out. Notably, earlier reports have claimed that the iPhone maker might delay some of the AI features to late 2024 and early 2025. Apple Intelligence to Reportedly Soon Arrive on Apple Vision Pro The delayed features reportedly include the AI features in the Mail app and Swift Assist for Xcode which will be available by the end of the year. Additionally, most of Siri's AI capabilities will not be available till 2025. While Gurman's report claims that Gemini can be offered to users at the same time as ChatGPT, Apple confirmed its intention of seeking third-party AI models to integrate with the iPhone right after the WWDC 2024. In a post-WWDC discussion with YouTuber iJustine, Craig Federighi, Senior Vice President of Software Engineering at Apple said that the company is exploring partnerships with Google and Anthropic. Apple Delays the Launch of These Apple Intelligence Features in Europe


Apple Will Reportedly Seek Local AI Partners in China to Launch AI Features Apple Intelligence is a suite of on-device and cloud-based features that will be available across apps and interfaces in the iPhone, the iPad, and Mac devices with the new OS update. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Next Resident Evil Game Is in Development, Capcom Confirms" ,  The next Resident Evil game is now under development, publisher Capcom confirmed at its summer showcase broadcast early Tuesday. The new game in the iconic survival-horror franchise will be helmed by Resident Evil 7: Biohazard director Koshi Nakanishi. Capcom has not revealed an official title for the game, but it is expected to be Resident Evil 9. The last mainline game in the series, Resident Evil Village, was released in 2021. Next Resident Evil confirmed Nakanishi appeared towards the end of the Capcom Next livestream to announce that work on the next Resident Evil title had begun. “We're making a new Resident Evil,” The Resident Evil 7 director said during the broadcast. “It was really difficult to figure out what to do after 7. But I found it, and to be honest it feels substantial,” he added. Breaking news from Capcom NEXT – Summer 2024! Director Koshi Nakanishi reveals that a new Resident Evil is in development. pic.twitter.com/N4RLiLuCgC— Resident Evil (@RE_Games) July 1, 2024 Development on the next Resident Evil title will be led by Nakanishi, who directed 2017's Resident Evil 7: Biohazard. Capcom did not reveal more details about the upcoming RE title and its launch window. “I can't share any details just yet, but I hope you're excited for the day I can,” Nakanishi said. Capcom Next announcements The announcement came towards the end of the Capcom Next showcase that focussed on three games from the publisher. At the livestream, the publisher revealed a demo for Kunitsu-Gami: Path of the Goddess ahead of its release on July 19. Resident Evil 4 Remake Now Out on iPhone 15 Pro, iPad, Mac at Half Price Capcom also announced Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster, which will bring several gameplay and visual improvements to 2006's Dead Rising, set for release on September 19. Finally, the publisher confirmed that Resident Evil 7 was now available on Apple devices. The survival-horror title can be played on iPhone 15 Pro models and all iPad and Mac models running on Apple's M-series chips. Resident Evil 4 (2023) Review: A Horror Classic Mutated to Monstrous Potency Resident Evil Village, the last mainline game in the RE series, was released in May 2021 across PS4, PS5, Stadia, PC, Xbox One and Xbox Series S/X. The game was ported to iPhone and iPad late last year. Last month, Capcom confirmed that the game had sold over 10 million units globally in the three years since its launch, making it the fastest title in the Resident Evil series to hit the milestone. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Crypto Hacks Reportedly Led to $176 Million in Losses in June; Analytics Firm Flags Over 20 Cryptocurrency Hacks" ,  Over 20 cryptocurrency hacking attacks led to a loss of $176 million (roughly Rs. XXX) in the month of June 2024, according to an analytics firm. This year, the crypto market saw some signs of revival after the US SEC approved BTC and ETH ETFs in January. In the subsequent months, the crypto sector valuation rose from 1.76 trillion in February to its current market cap of 2.32 trillion. Hackers targeting the crypto sector to mint profits have been constantly on the lookout for victims, as per various research reports. PeckShield's Findings Btcturk was the biggest cryptocurrency-related hacking event in June, according to a report by crypto analytics firm PeckShield. In an official statement, Btcturk had announced that the attackers managed to access hot wallets, leading to uncontrolled withdrawals. While BtcTurk had said that the financial loss from this incident amounted to EUR 51 million or $54.7 million (roughly Rs. 456 crore), PeckShield estimates that the figure was much higher and somewhere around $100.25 million (roughly Rs. 837 crore). The hack of Lykke, a free to trade crypto exchange, was named the second biggest crypto hack in June, according to the firm. This attack is projected to have resulted in a loss of $22 million (roughly Rs. 183 crore). EU’s MiCA Inspires Nigerian Policy Analyst to Urge for Similar Crypto Laws Both, BtcTurk and Lykke are centralised exchanges which operate as government-controlled intermediaries between buyers and sellers of digital assets. Meanwhile, the third, fourth, and fifth crypto hack instances that made it to PeckShield's list include the hacks of decentralised money market protocol UwULend, tokenisation platform Holograph, and decentralised exchange Velocore – that led to losses of $19.4 million (roughly Rs. 162 crore), $14.4 million (roughly Rs. 120 crore), and $6.8 million (roughly Rs. 56 crore) respectively. UwULend, Holograph, and Velocore are all decentralised platforms that operate on blockchain or peer-to-peer network of computers, rather than relying on centralised traditional servers. These platforms give users more control over their content as opposed to platforms where one parent entity controls the content and can censor it anytime. Delta Exchange Launches in India, Brings Options Trading for Crypto Assets The analytics firm points out that hackers are getting more creative and sophisticated in-terms of identifying and violating advanced technologies for their monetary benefits. This leaves Web3 firms to come up with solutions that prevent hackers from draining the user funds saved on their respective platforms. Cryptocurrency hacking dropped in June The detection of 20 crypto hacks resulting to losses worth $176 million might seem concerning, but PeckShield claims that these numbers were even higher in the month of May. “This marks a decrease of 54.2 percent from May 2024,” the crypto analytics firm said in a post on X. It has also claimed crypto hackers earned more than $385 million (roughly Rs. 3,215 crore) in profits in May. #PeckShieldAlert June 2024 witnessed 20+ hacks in the crypto space, resulting in ~$176.2 million in losses. This marks a decrease of 54.2% from May 2024 (w/ ~$385m in hackers' profits).#Top 5 Hacks:#Btctruk: $100.25 million (CeFi)#Lykke: $22 million (CeFi)#UwULend: $19.4… pic.twitter.com/83XzWf82kw— PeckShieldAlert (@PeckShieldAlert) July 1, 2024 Industry experts have time and again advised Web3 firms to invest heavily in security protocols, especially now that back-to-back hack attacks have been making it to the headlines. About crypto wallets, security researchers have warned people that keeping a hot wallet, that is connected to the web and the private keys of which are also stored within crypto platforms, could be risky as these wallets are always prone to being hacked. Crypto security firms like PeckShield and Chainalysis have been assisting Web3 firms and law enforcement agencies in maintaining cyber security and mitigating the aftereffects.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Honor Magic V3, Magic Vs3, MagicPad 2 Launch Date Set for July 12; Honor MagicBook Art 14 to Follow" ,  Honor will unveil a host of new flagship products in China in the coming days. The company is confirmed to introduce the next generation of foldable smartphones alongside a tablet and a laptop at a launch event in Shenzhen. It has now announced the date for the event and teased a few details about the upcoming products. The Honor Magic V3, Magic Vs3, MagicPad 2 and MagicBook Art 14 Notebook are confirmed to be launched during the event. Honor also unveiled AI-backed features at the recently concluded Mobile World Congress (MWC 2024) in Shanghai which are expected to launch with some of the upcoming products. Honor Magic V3, Magic Vs3, MagicPad 2, MagicBook Art 14 Notebook launch The Honor Magic V3, Magic Vs3, MagicPad 2 and MagicBook Art 14 Notebook are confirmed to launch in China on July 12 at an event in Shenzhen, the company confirmed via a Weibo post. The post announcing the date shows the sideways silhouette of one of the upcoming products, possibly one of the foldable smartphones. The body appears to be very slim with a slightly thicker camera bump. Honor MagicPad 2 features In another promotional poster on Weibo, the company confirms that the Honor MagicPad 2 will sport a 12.3-inch screen. It is also claimed to launch as the industry's first vision relief tablet. This will entail the tablet employing the AI-backed defocus eye protection feature that the company showcased at the MWC Shanghai 2024 event. Honor Showcases New AI Technology That Will Protect Your Eyes The image also teases the design of the Honor MagicPad 2. It appears with a slim body and a flat display with very slim bezels. The tablet is expected to succeed the Honor MagicPad 13 which was introduced in July 2023. Notably, the foldable smartphones, namely the Honor Magic V3 and the Honor Magic Vs3, are expected to succeed the Honor Magic V2 and Honor Magic Vs2. Honor Magic V2, Magic Vs2 specifications The Honor Magic V2 and Magic Vs2 were launched in September and October 2023, respectively. The former, powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC, sports a 6.43-inch cover display and a 7.92-inch inner screen. Honor 200 5G Series Amazon Page Goes Live; India Launch Imminent The V2 handset also has a 50-megapixel triple rear camera unit and a 16-megapixel selfie shooter. The book-style foldable smartphone is powered by a 5,000mAh battery with 66W Honor SuperCharge support. While folded, the phone measures 9.9mm and unfolded it is 4.7mm in thickness. Honor Play 60 Plus With Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC Launched: See Price Meanwhile, the Honor Magic Vs2 comes with a similar display, camera, battery and charging specifications. But it is powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 SoC. While folded, it measures 10.7mm and unfolded it measures 5.1mm in thickness.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo Y28s 5G Price in India Leaked Ahead of Anticipated Debut: Expected Specifications, Features" ,  Vivo Y28s 5G with MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC was released in a few markets last month. It is currently listed on the company's global website with a complete list of specifications. While Vivo is yet to confirm its availability in India, a tipster has suggested the price details of this Vivo Y series handset. The Vivo Y28s 5G is likely to debut as a budget offering in the country, based on the leaked pricing details. Like other recently unveiled Y series phones, it has 50-megapixel dual rear cameras and a 5,000mAh battery. Vivo Y28s 5G price in India (Rumoured) A 91Mobiles report citing tipster Sudhanshu Ambhore (@Sudhanshu1414) claims that the Vivo Y28s 5G will be priced at Rs. 13,999 in India for the base 4GB RAM and 128GB storage model. The 6GB + 128GB and 8GB + 128GB variants are said to be priced at Rs. 15,499 and Rs. 16,999, respectively. In Malaysia, the Vivo Y28s 5G is priced at RM 799 (roughly Rs. 14,000) for the 12GB + 128GB storage model and RM 999 (18,000) for the 16GB + 256GB storage model. Based on this, we can expect the handset to be priced at around Rs. 15,000 in India. It is offered in Mocha Brown and Twinkling Purple colours. Vivo Y18t, Vivo Y18i Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website Vivo Y28s 5G specifications The Vivo Y28s 5G runs on Funtouch OS 14 based on Andorid 14 and features a 6.56-inch HD+ (720x1,612 pixels) LCD screen with a 90Hz refresh rate and 840nits brightness. It runs on a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset paired with 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM and 256GB of eMMC 5.1 onboard storage. The RAM can be virtually expanded up to 16GB using additional unused storage, For optics, the Vivo Y28s 5G has a dual rear camera unit, comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor alongside a 2-megapixel secondary sensor. For selfies, it houses an 8-megapixel sensor at the front. The handset has an IP64-rated build for dust and splash resistance. Connectivity options on the Vivo Y28s 5G include dual-band Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, 5G, a 3.5mm audio jack, GPS, Beidou, GLONASS, Galileo, QZSS, and USB Type-C connectivity. It offers NFC in select regions. It gets a side-mounted fingerprint sensor for authentication. Sensors onboard are an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, e-compass, proximity sensor and colour temperature sensor. Vivo Pad 3 With 10,000mAh Battery, Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 Chip Launched The Vivo Y28s 5G is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 15W charging support. It weighs 185 grams, according to the company.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iOS 17.6 Developer Beta 2 Update for iPhone With ‘Catch Up’ Feature Rolls Out to Beta Testers" ,  iOS 17.6 Developer Beta 2 update was rolled out by Apple to developers and beta testers on Monday. It builds upon the first developer beta which was rolled out last week, alongside the iOS 18 Developer Beta 2. While it does not offer many new features, the update is said to improve overall performance and enhance stability. It is expected to be the last major iOS 17 update, following the announcement of iOS 18 at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10 and its likely rollout later this year. iOS 17.6 Developer Beta 2 Apple has rolled out a new Catch Up feature to the Apple TV app, with the latest iOS 17.6 beta (via 9to5Mac). With this, users can watch the top highlights and key moments of their favourite sports matches, if they were unable to watch from the beginning. Instead of watching the whole game from the beginning, it lets them jump right into the action-packed scenarios. This feature was first announced in June as part of the MLS Season Pass and is now making its way to the Apple TV app with the iOS 17.6 Developer Beta 2 update. Beta testers can try out the feature before it rolls out to all users on the stable channel. iPhone 16, Google Pixel 9 May Get Samsung-Manufactured Displays Alongside this feature, it brings fixes for several issues. As per Apple's release notes, it rectifies an issue which caused playback issues on Bluetooth headphones for audio output with specific AVAudioSession configurations. When reinstalling an app from a marketplace, the home screen icon will not be disabled anymore. The update also fixes a notification failure which occurred when an app, installed from a marketplace with an expired license, failed to launch. Alongside the iOS 17.6 Developer Beta 2 update, Apple also rolled out the second developer betas for iPadOS 17.6, watchOS 10.6, tvOS 17.6 and visionOS 1.3 to beta testers, and stable version are expected to be rolled out to users on the coming weeks. WhatsApp Now Lets You Create Events in Group Chats on iPhone How to Get the Update iOS 17.6 Developer Beta 2 update can be downloaded by registering as a developer via the Apple Developer Program. Until last year, users had to pay a $99 (roughly Rs. 8,000) per year fee, but the program is now free for all users who sign up using their Apple ID. Apple Begins Working on iOS 19, Gives It the Codename Luck: Report Since Apple is running beta programs for both iOS 17 and iOS 18 simultaneously, users will need to select which operating system they wish to be on, when signing up to receive beta versions of Apple's operating systems. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch Ultra European Pricing and Detailed Specifications Leaked Ahead of Debut" ,  Samsung Galaxy Unpacked — the company's upcoming launch event — is less than a week away. The Galaxy Watch 7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra are expected to be among the many products to be announced at the grand launch event. A new leak revealed the European prices and specifications of Galaxy Watch 7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra, just days before the formal debut. The Galaxy Watch 7 is said to come in two sizes — 40mm and 44mm. Meanwhile, the Galaxy Watch Ultra could be available in one size — 47mm. Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra, Galaxy Watch 7 price (leaked) Dealabs has leaked the alleged European pricing and the full list of specifications of both the Galaxy Watch Ultra and Galaxy Watch 7. As per the report, the Galaxy Watch Ultra will cost EUR 699 (roughly Rs. 62,000) for the single Bluetooth + 4G variant. It could be offered in titanium grey, titanium silver and titanium white colours. The Galaxy Watch 7 is said to cost EUR 319 (roughly Rs. 28,000) for the 40mm Bluetooth version. The 44mm Bluetooth version and 40mm Bluetooth and 4G will be reportedly priced at EUR 349 (roughly Rs. 31,000) and EUR 369 (roughly Rs. 62,000), respectively. The 44mm Bluetooth and 4G version could be priced at EUR 399 (roughly Rs. 35,000). It is said to be available in cream, green and silver shades. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 New Renders Suggest Three Colour Options Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra, Galaxy Watch 7 specifications Both Galaxy Watch Ultra and Galaxy Watch 7 are said to ship with One UI 6 Watch and feature 3D glass dials. They could run on a 3nm Exynos W1000 chipset with 2GB of RAM and 32GB of storage. The Galaxy Watch Ultra is said to get a 1.5-inch (480×480 pixels) AMOLED display with 327ppi pixel density. It could have a Titanium case and Sapphire glass build. It could pack a 590mAh battery with fast charging support. It is said to measure 47.4x 47.1x12.1mm and weigh 60.5 grams. The 40mm variant of Galaxy Watch 7 has a 1.3-inch (432×432 pixels) AMOLED display with 330ppi pixel density, while the 44mm version might get a 1.5-inch (480×480 pixels) AMOLED screen with 327ppi. It could feature an aluminium armour case with a sapphire glass front. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Watch Ultra, Buds 3 Details Leak Ahead of Launch Samsung is tipped to pack a 300mAh battery on the 40mm variant and a 425mAh battery on the 44mm version. Both models could support fast wireless charging. The 40mm model could measure 40.4x40.4x9.7mm and weighs 28.9 grams. The 44mm variant is likely to measure 44.4x44.4x9.7mm and 33.8 grams. Both Galaxy Watch Ultra and Galaxy Watch 7 are said to come with IP6X dust protection, IP68 water resistance and MID-STD-810H certified build. They could offer Bluetooth 5.3, GPS, Glonass, Beidou, Galileo, NFC, and Wi-Fi connectivity options. Sensors onboard are likely to include accelerometer, light and geomagnetic sensor, gyroscope, barometer, bioactive sensors, temperature, and heart rate sensor.   




title = "Realme GT 6 Launch Date Set for July 9; Rear Camera Module Design Teased" ,  Realme GT 6 is set to be unveiled in China later this month. The company has previously revealed the front panel design of the upcoming handset and teased some of its key features. Now Realme has announced the launch date of the phone and teased the design of the rear camera module in the poster. The Realme GT 6 model that is set to launch in China will feature a different design compared to the Indian version that arrived in India last month — the latter was unveiled a rebranded version of the GT Neo 6 model in China. Realme GT 6 China launch date The Realme GT 6 will launch in China on July 9 at 2pm (11:30am IST), the company confirmed in a Weibo post. A banner on a microsite for the phone has also confirmed these details. The promotional images used in the announcement tease the design of the rear camera module on the Realme GT 6.  Realme GT 6 China variant promotional bannerPhoto Credit: Realme  The three rear cameras on the Chinese variant of the Realme GT 6 appear to be located within a slightly raised, rectangular module with rounded edges. The sensors are encased in a protective layer, unlike the individual, uncased camera units on its Indian counterpart. The volume rocker and the power button are also seen on the right edge of the phone. Realme GT 6 China Variant SoC, Display Details Surface Online Realme GT 6 features (Chinese variant) The Chinese variant of the Realme GT 6 has previously been reported to sport a 1.5K 8T LTPO BOE flat display with 6,000nits of peak brightness level and a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. The handset is also said to sport a 50-megapixel main camera and a thin and large battery with support for 100W fast charging. It is confirmed to feature a metal middle frame. Realme GT 6 specifications, price (Indian variant) The Realme GT 6 launched in India with a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, a 6.78-inch 120Hz full-HD+ 8T LTPO AMOLED screen and a 5,500mAh battery with 120W SuperVOOC charging support. For optics, the handset carries a 50-megapixel triple rear camera system and a 32-megapixel sensor in the front. Realme GT 6 China Variant Front Design Revealed; to Offer a Flat Display


Realme GT 6 Might Launch in China With Different Design, Chipset The Indian variant of the Realme GT 6 starts at Rs. 40,999 for the base 8GB + 256GB option, while the 12GB + 256GB and 16GB + 512GB variants are priced at Rs. 42,999 and Rs. 44,999, respectively. They are offered in Fluid Sliver and Razor Green colour options.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Sony to Resume Operations of Acquired Japanese Crypto Firm ‘WhaleFin’" ,  Japanese tech giant Sony is gearing up to run a crypto exchange business through WhaleFin, which it acquired in 2023. With this, Sony will have found itself testing rougher waters in the Web3 domain, that is not only laden with financial risks but also with regulatory scrutiny around the world. Sony plans to restart the exchange by launching a new app, dedicated to crypto exchange and trading services. It remains unclear if WhaleFin will continue to be the name of this exchange or if Sony will change it to mark its new beginning. About Sony's history and future with WhaleFin In December 2021, Amber Group announced the launch of WhaleFin as its flagship digital asset platform. In August 2023, Sony's Quetta Web unit purchased Amber Japan, which at the time was the parent company of Whalefin. On Monday, July 1, Amber Japan made an official announcement about being rebranded to S.Blox. Alongside the announcement, S.Blox also disclosed that the WhaleFin crypto exchange is gearing up to start operations once again. Bolivia Reverses Bitcoin Ban, Allows Banks to Make Crypto Transactions “WhaleFin is scheduled to be renewed in the future. In addition to redesigning the UI screen, the renewal of WhaleFin will include the release of a new app to provide an easier-to-use service. After the renewal, we also plan to further expand the supported currencies and functions,” the announcement noted. With this, the Sony Group is looking to enhance its product and service offerings by integrating crypto-centric features. For now, neither Sony nor S.Blox have disclosed the exact timeline by which the WhaleFin crypto exchange will restart its operations. Sony's engagement with Web3 so far Sony, which is a popular name in the tech industry, is now looking to dig deeper into the Web3 arena. Back in 2022, Sony Music Entertainment said it was exploring avenues to bring artists as well as music together with the NFT industry. At the time, Sony had filed a trademark application for the Columbia Records logo, intending to use it around NFT-backed media. The same year, Sony filed to obtain a patent for tracking digital collectibles within its gaming ecosystem, through NFTs. Delta Exchange Launches in India, Brings Options Trading for Crypto Assets In 2023, Sony Network Communications teamed up with smart contract platform, the Astar Network aiming to explore how blockchain could solve issues persistent in the gaming, entertainment, music, and imaging industries. Recently, Sony said it is planning to let gamers assemble all of their digital collectibles and create what's called a Super Fungible Token – trying to carve a new niche within the NFT sector. Back in 2023, Fumio Kishida, the Prime Minister of Japan called Web3 ‘the next form of capitalism' and expressed his enthusiasm about Japan foraying into the digital assets sector. Since then, crypto firms like Binance and Mercari have taken pro-crypto steps to thrive in the country.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Fujifilm Instax Mini SE With Manual Exposure Control Launched in India: Price, Availability" ,  Fujifilm Instax Mini SE was launched in India on Monday. This instant camera joins the line of other mini Instax cameras from the brand. The company confirmed that the camera will be available for purchase in the country via online and offline channels later this month. It is said to come with improved elements over older versions of the camera and also offers manual brightness control. Notably, the Fujifilm Instax Pal digital camera was unveiled in the country in February this year. Fujifilm Instax Mini SE price in India, availability Fujifilm's Instax Mini SE price in India starts at Rs. 8,499 for the “Mini SE Fun Pack” which comes with 10 shots, while the "Mini SE Joy Pack" with 40 shots is priced at Rs. 9,999. Each shot stands for one sheet of 'mini' film. The instant camera will be available for purchase in the country starting July 10 via the Instax India website and select offline retail stores. The Fujifilm Instax Mini SE is offered in blue, green, light grey, pink, and purple colour options. Fujifilm Instax Pal Digital Camera Launched in India: Price, Features Fujifilm Instax Mini SE features The Fujifilm Instax Mini SE lets users control the exposure level manually before clicking an image. This is done through a brightness control dial, which can be turned to adjust the exposure level. This is useful while shooting in bright lighting conditions. The film size used in the Fujifilm Instax Mini SE is 86 x 54mm, which has a picture area of 62 x 46mm. The films are said to be ready in about 90 seconds. The camera is also equipped with a 0.4x viewfinder that shows a target spot for easy shot framing. Solar AirGo Vision Reportedly Unveiled; Gets GPT-4o, Gemini Integration


Izi Iris Detachable Pocket Gimbal to Launch in India on This Day Fujifilm's Instax Mini SE lens has a 60mm focal length and a shutter speed of 1/60 second.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme Pad 3 Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website; Launch Appears Imminent" ,  Realme launched its first tablet — Realme Pad — in India in 2021. The Chinese tech brand currently has a couple of tablet models in its portfolio. If rumours are true, the third iteration of Realme Pad could be making its way to the market soon. The exact launch date of the tablet has not been shared by Realme yet, but ahead of it, the tablet has appeared on the IMEI database. The rumoured Realme Pad 3 is expected to bring upgrades over Realme Pad 2. The latter runs on MediaTek Helio G99 SoC and has an 8,360mAh battery. The IMEI database listing, as spotted by GizmoChina, shows a Realme tablet with model number RMP2402. It is expected to be marketed as Realme Pad 3. Although the listing only reveals the model number, it is expected to get SIM card support. Realme currently sells the Realme Pad, Realme Pad Mini, Realme Pad Slim, Realme Pad 2, and Realme Pad X tablets. The first Realme Pad was launched in India in September 2021 with a price tag of Rs. 17,999. The rumoured Realme Pad 3 is likely to come as a successor to the Realme Pad 2, which launched in July 2023 with a price tag of Rs. 19,999 for the base 6GB RAM + 128GB storage variant. Realme GT 7 Pro Tipped to Feature 1.5K Display, 6,000mAh Battery, More Realme Pad 2 specifications The Realme Pad 2 features an 11.5-inch display with 2K resolution and up to 120Hz refresh rate. It runs on a MediaTek Helio G99 SoC, coupled with up to 8GB RAM and 256GB storage. Through the Virtual RAM feature, users can beef up the total RAM to 16GB. It includes dual stereo speakers enhanced by Dolby Atmos technology. Realme Pad 2 Review: A Stylish Upgrade That Covers the Basics For optics, the Realme Pad 2 features a 5-megapixel front camera and an 8-megapixel rear camera. It houses an 8,360mAh battery that is claimed to offer up to 17 hours of video playback time and up to 190 hours of music playback time on a single charge. The tablet supports 33W fast charging. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "AI Deals Between Microsoft and OpenAI, Google and Samsung, Under EU Scanner" ,  Microsoft's partnership with OpenAI could face an EU antitrust investigation as regulators singled out their exclusivity clauses while Google's artificial intelligence deal with Samsung also triggered scrutiny. EU antitrust regulators will seek additional third-party views, EU competition chief Margrethe Vestager said on Friday. The moves underscore the unease among regulators worldwide on Big Tech leveraging its dominance into the new technology, echoing the companies' market power in other sectors. Apple Delays the Launch of These Apple Intelligence Features in Europe Vestager in March sent questionnaires to Microsoft, Google, Meta's Facebook and ByteDance's TikTok as well as other big tech companies related to their AI partnerships. "We have reviewed the replies, and are now sending a follow-up request for information on the agreement between Microsoft and OpenAI. To understand whether certain exclusivity clauses could have a negative effect on competitors," she told a conference. Reuters was first to report that EU regulators were building a case that could lead to an investigation into the partnership between the two companies. Apple, Google, Amazon Lobby Group Opposes India's EU-Like Antitrust Bill "We stand ready to respond to any additional questions the European Commission may have," a Microsoft spokesperson said. Microsoft's partnership with OpenAI will not be subject to EU merger rules because of the absence of control, Vestager said. While OpenAI's parent is a nonprofit, Microsoft has invested $13 billion (roughly Rs. 1,08,425 crore) in a for-profit subsidiary, for what would be a 49 percent stake. Vestager also cited concerns about Big Tech blocking smaller AI developers from reaching users and businesses. "We are also sending requests for information to better understand the effects of Google's arrangement with Samsung to pre-install its small model Gemini Nano on certain Samsung devices," she said. Google in January reached a multi-year deal with the South Korean company to embed its generative artificial intelligence technology in Samsung's Galaxy S24 series smartphones. Vestager also said she was looking into "acqui-hires," where one company acquires another mainly for its talent, as exemplified in Microsoft's $650-million (roughly Rs. 5,422 crore) acquisition of startup Inflection in March that allowed it to use Inflection's models and hire most of its staff. "We will make sure these practices don't slip through our merger control rules if they basically lead to a concentration," she said. © Thomson Reuters 2024  Will the Nothing Phone 2 serve as the successor to the Phone 1, or will the two co-exist? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 6 China Variant SoC, Display Details Surface Online Ahead of Launch" ,  Realme GT 6 will launch in China in July. A variant of the phone was launched in India and select global markets in June with Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, a 5,500mAh battery with 120W SuperVOOC charging support, and a 50-megapixel triple rear camera unit. The Chinese variant of the handset is expected to be slightly different from the Indian version. A series of promotional posters and an alleged online listing have suggested some key features of the upcoming phone. Realme GT 6 China launch, design The Realme GT 6 is confirmed to launch in China in July. The company is yet to announce the exact date but an official microsite of the handset confirms that it is open for pre-orders in China. Realme GT 6 China variant's front panel design was previously revealed. It appears with a flat screen with very slim bezels and a centred hole-punch slot to house the front camera. The handset is confirmed to get a metal middle frame. Realme GT 6 With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, AI Features Launched in India The phone is reportedly also listed on the JD.com website which suggests that the handset is likely to launch on July 11. Realme GT 6 features The reported online listing of the Realme GT 6 suggests that the phone in China will be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. The Chinese version of the handset is also likely to sport a 1.5K 8T LTPO BOE flat display with 6,000nits of peak brightness level and ultra-narrow bezels. It is also said to have a 50-megapixel main camera. A promotional poster on Weibo confirmed that the Realme GT 6 will be backed by a thin and large battery with support for 100W wired fast charging. Realme GT 6 Review Realme GT 6 India variant specifications, price In India, the Realme GT 6 launched came with a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, a 5,500mAh battery with 120W SuperVOOC charging support alongside a 50-megapixel triple rear camera unit, and a 32-megapixel selfie shooter. It gets a 6.78-inch 120Hz full-HD+ 8T LTPO AMOLED screen and ships with Android 14-based Realme UI 5. Realme GT 6 China Variant Front Design Revealed; to Offer a Flat Display The price of the Realme GT 6 in India starts at Rs. 40,999 for the base 8GB + 256GB option.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iPhone 16, Google Pixel 9 May Get Displays with Better Brightness Supplied by Samsung: Report" ,  iPhone 16 and Google Pixel 9 are two of the most highly awaited smartphones of 2024 and they may have one big thing in common – displays supplied by Samsung, according to a report. While Google is expected to launch its smartphones at the Made by Google event on August 13, Apple's launch event is likely to take place in September. However, both of these smartphones will sport “M14” screens manufactured by Samsung Display. iPhone 16, Pixel 9 displays According to a report by the South Korean publication ETNews, Samsung Display will be the primary supplier of OLED screens for both the iPhone 16 and Google Pixel 9. Samsung Display manufactures screens based on the structure of the organic material, with the “M14” being the latest addition. At present, the Galaxy S24 Ultra uses the company's highest quality OLED screen which is labelled as “M13”. On the other hand, the iPhone 15 Pro was suspected to carry over the same “M12” display used by its predecessor. Notably, an OLED display consists of organic materials to display colour. Unlike LCD screens where a backlight illuminates the liquid crystals, the pixels on OLED displays are self-lit. This tends to result in wider viewing angles and better colour reproduction, especially when it comes to projecting shades of black. Realme GT 7 Pro Tipped to Feature 1.5K Display, 6,000mAh Battery, More The report suggests that while all smartphones in Google's Pixel 9 lineup are expected to sport the “M14” display, only the iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max will get it. The base iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Plus may use “M12” screens instead. Furthermore, Samsung Display is said to offer four types of “M14” displays to Google – three for the Pixel 9 variants and one for the Google Pixel Fold, along with its rumoured successor. Realme C63 With Vegan Leather Design Launched in India at This Price


Honor 200 5G Series Amazon Page Goes Live; India Launch Imminent Citing an industry official, the report claimed that Samsung has placed orders for the materials required for the fabrication of the “M14” panel and started the preparation for its production. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung R&D Institute India-Bangalore Teams Up With Academic Partners to Expand Galaxy AI Language Support" ,  Samsung Research and Development Institute India-Bangalore (SRI-B), one of the key innovation centres of the South Korean tech giant in the world, worked with academic partners to develop the Hindi language for its Galaxy AI, the suite of artificial intelligence (AI) features for Samsung devices. The collaboration covered 20 different regional dialects of the language, tonal inflections, and colloquialisms. One of the key partners, the Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) assisted with sourcing large quantities of data to train the large language model. SRI-B develops Hindi language for Galaxy AI In a newsroom post on the Samsung India website, the company highlighted the role played by its R&D institute and academic partners in developing the understanding of the regional language for Galaxy AI. The company said that it is working on expanding Galaxy AI in different global languages to allow more users to use these features in their native language. The language capability enhances some of the on-device features such as Live Translate, Interpreter, Note Assist, and Browsing Assist. To develop the Hindi language for the AI suite, SRI-B worked together with VIT. The post highlights that the academic institute helped source nearly a million lines of segmented and curated audio data on conversational speech, words, and commands. Samsung One UI 6 Watch Beta Comes to Galaxy Watch 5, Watch 4 Models: Report The reason for the collaboration was the difficulty in generating high-quality data in Hindi due to the high amount of regional variance. The SRI-B team covered 20 different regional dialects, tonal inflections, punctuation and colloquialisms. Samsung developed a facility for VIT under its Students Ecosystem for Engineered Data (SEED) Labs initiative in 2021. The company says the lab is equipped with head and torso simulators, binaural microphones, and hearing devices surrounded by an advanced sound absorption system. It also requests projects on which university staff, students, and interns can work alongside technical experts provided by the tech giant. Samsung Galaxy Ring May Allow Users to Measure Temperature via Skin


Samsung Galaxy Book 4 Ultra With Up to Intel Core Ultra 9 CPUs Debut in India Notably, SRI-B collaborated with teams across the globe to develop AI language models in British, Indian, Australian English, Thai, Vietnamese, and Indonesian. The research centre's role was considered pivotal and therefore, it was asked to develop the Hindi language for Galaxy AI. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Meta Charged by EU for Breaching Tech Rules With Its Pay or Consent Advertising Model" ,  Meta Platforms was charged by EU antitrust regulators on Monday for failing to comply with landmark tech rules as they took aim at the US company's newly introduced pay or consent advertising model, already the target of privacy regulators and activists' ire. The tech giant launched the no-ads subscription service for Facebook and Instagram in Europe last November, saying users who consent to be tracked get a free service which is funded by advertising revenues. Or they could pay for an ad-free service. The European Commission, which acts as the EU competition enforcer, said the binary choice breaches the bloc's Digital Markets Act (DMA) which seeks to rein in the power of Big Tech, as it sent its preliminary finding to Meta. Google, Apple and Meta to Face First Digital Markets Act Probes in the EU It said the binary choice forces users to consent to the combination of their personal data and fails to provide them a less personalised but equivalent version of Meta's social networks. "We want to empower citizens to be able to take control over their own data and choose a less personalised ads experience," EU antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said in a statement. Meta said its model complied with a ruling from Europe's top court. Meta, Others Should Give Users Free Option Without Targeted Ads: EU Watchdog "Subscription for no ads follows the direction of the highest court in Europe and complies with the DMA. We look forward to further constructive dialogue with the European Commission to bring this investigation to a close," a Meta spokesperson said. Meta can tweak its advertising model to stave off a fine of as much as 10 percent of its global annual turnover if found guilty of DMA breaches. The Commission has until March next year to wrap up its investigation. Privacy activists and privacy watchdogs have also taken issue with Meta's advertising model. Reuters was the first to report that the EU competition enforcer would charge Meta with non-compliance under the Digital Markets Act. The charge against Meta came a week after the EU watchdog issued its first DMA charge against Apple for not complying with the new rule. © Thomson Reuters 2024  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo Reno 12 5G Series India Launch Tipped for July 12; RAM, Storage Options Leaked" ,  Oppo Reno 12 5G series India launch could happen next week. The date is yet to be officially confirmed by the Chinese tech brand, but a new report has tipped the launch date along with the RAM and storage configurations of the Oppo Reno 12 5G and Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G. The new Reno handsets with MediaTek Dimensity 7300-Energy SoCs recently made their global debut. They pack triple rear cameras, 50-megapixel front cameras, and house 5,000mAh batteries. Oppo Reno 12 5G series India launch date A report by Techoutlook claims that the India launch of Oppo Reno 12 5G series will take place on July 12. The Oppo Reno 12 5G will be reportedly available in 8GB RAM + 256GB storage option, while Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G could be offered in 12GB RAM + 256GB and 12GB RAM + 512GB storage options. In global markets outside China, the vanilla model is offered in a 12GB + 256GB option with a price tag of EUR 499.99 (roughly Rs. 44,700). The Pro model, on the other hand, is available in a single 12GB RAM + 512GB option for EUR 599.99 (roughly Rs. 53,700). Oppo Reno 12F 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC Goes Official The Oppo Reno 12 5G series is confirmed to debut in India soon. But their exact launch date has not been revealed by Oppo yet. Both Flipkart and Oppo India have created dedicated landing pages on their websites to tease the arrival of new phones. Indian variants of the models are confirmed to ship with several artificial intelligence (AI) powered features including AI Record Summary, AI Clear Voice and AI Writer. Oppo A3 Launch Set for July 2: See Design, Colour Options Oppo Reno 12 series specifications The Chinese variants of the Oppo Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro are fueled by MediaTek Dimensity 8250 Star Speed Edition SoC and Dimensity 9200+ Star Speed Edition chipset respectively. The global versions are powered by MediaTek Dimensity 7300-Energy SoCs. They feature two 50-megapixel cameras and an 8-megapixel ultra-wide-angle camera. Both carry a 50-megapixel front camera. They pack 5,000mAh batteries with support for 80W SuperVOOC fast charging. 




title = "EU’s MiCA Inspires Nigerian Policy Analyst to Urge for Similar Crypto Legislation: Report" ,  European Union's crypto-focussed MiCA legislation, created to govern the crypto sector, went live on June 30 almost one year after being finalised in April 2023. The aim of this legislation is to ensure that investors engaging with the crypto sector across the EU region are safeguarded against the factors of financial risks and instability that volatile crypto assets carry are rather infamous for. The lawmakers of Nigeria and other neighbouring nations are being urged by policy analysts to take inspiration from the EU to develop their own crypto regulations. What are Nigeria's learnings from EU's MiCA Nigerian policy-makers are impressed with the MiCA laws because they prioritise the growth of this niche sector while also protecting the interest of investors. Nigerian policy analyst Obinna Uzoije recently said in a CoinTelegraph interview that crypto regulations like MiCA brings more clarity to the dos and don'ts for crypto businesses and investors. Bolivia Reverses Bitcoin Ban, Allows Banks to Make Crypto Transactions Uzoije has said to have advised the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) to examine the intricacies of MiCA and how the legal framework has systematically and uniformly been deployed across the EU region. The region of ECOWAS comprises of fifteen nations including Nigeria Ghana, Guinea, and Senegal among others. Out of these fifteen nations, Nigeria and a few others are crypto-friendly whereas some like Sierra Leone are strictly anti-crypto where crypto activities are banned, which has left the other nations in confusion. Uzoije has reportedly suggested the ECOWAS nations to come to a middle-ground on crypto activities so that they could at least be used to elevate the financial status of these countries. Uniform rules for virtual assets, as per Uzoije, will not only attract businesses looking for crypto-friendly regions towards ECOWAS but also diversify investment options for these countries as well as for their citizens, the report added. eRupee Activity Dips After Banks End Promotion Initiatives: Report In addition, a concrete legislation around crypto could subsequently curb instances of crypto misuse for criminal activities like money laundering and terror financing stemming within the Western African region. Up until now, the ECOWAS Commission headed by Imar Alieu Touray has not reacted to Uzoije's suggestions. MiCA explained The MiCA — or Markets in Crypto Assets – framework was given a greenlight by EU regulations back in October 2022. The rules that are part of this legislation cover preventative and risk mitigation steps linked to crypto-based activities like insider dealing, unlawful disclosure of inside information, and market manipulation. Under these laws, any Web3 firm looking to operation in the EU will have to first secure a licence from at least one of the EU's 27 national financial regulators. Crypto-related businesses have also been mandated to publish white papers of the products and services they are offering along with clear risk warnings and financial consequences. Earlier in June, the European Banking Authority (EBA) finalised the technical standards that Web3 firms need to meet before they can operate in the EU under the MiCA regulation. The EBA addressed a number of issues in its final draft of technical standards for MiCA, including those related to liquidity requirements, stress testing programme, asset reserves, and recovery plans. The law also strengthens oversight on asset-referenced tokens (ARTs) -- which includes stablecoins while also increasing the monitoring of e-money tokens (EMTs) like CBDCs.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 7 Pro Tipped to Get 1.5K Display, Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC, 6,000mAh Battery" ,  Realme's Vice President Chase Xu recently revealed plans to launch the Realme GT 7 Pro in India later this year. Since then we have seen several leaks about this GT series smartphone online. Most recently, a Chinese tipster has posted details about the display, processor and battery of the Realme GT 7 Pro. It is tipped to get a 1.5K resolution display and could run on Qualcomm's next-generation Snapdragon chipset. The handset will offer upgrades over the Realme GT 5 Pro. Realme GT 7 Pro specifications (leaked) Tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) on Weibo posted details about the Realme GT 7 Pro. As per the tipster, the forthcoming phone will have a 1.5K resolution display with slightly curved edges. It is said to run on Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC. The handset could feature a square-shaped camera module on the top left corner housing a triple-camera system. The camera setup could include a 50-megapixel multi-focal lens and a Sony IMX882 periscope telephoto sensor with a 3x optical zoom. The phone might lack telephoto macro support. The Realme GT 7 Pro is tipped to carry a battery unit with around 6,000mAh capacity. The tipster states that Realme will pack no less than a 5,800mAh battery on the phone. It could support 100W fast charging. It is said to have IP68 and IP69 dust and water resistance. It could get an in-display ultrasonic fingerprint sensor, Realme GT 6 China Variant Front Design Revealed; to Offer a Flat Display Realme's Vice President Chase Xu earlier in May announced plans to launch the Realme GT 7 Pro in India. It is expected to go official official by the end of this year. Realme GT 6 With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, AI Features Launched in India The Realme GT 7 Pro will debut as a successor to the Realme GT 5 Pro, which was launched in China last year with a price tag of CNY 3,298 (roughly Rs. 40,000) for the base 12GB RAM + 256GB storage variant.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Elden Ring Film or TV Adaptation Seemingly Teased by Writer George RR Martin" ,  Elden Ring, the acclaimed action-RPG from FromSoftware, is back in focus after the release of its first and last major expansion, Shadow of the Erdtree. The DLC, packed with new content and plenty of difficult boss fights, has been driving players back to the game. The renewed focus on Elden Ring following the critical and commercial success of the new expansion has sparked talks of a film or TV adaptation. Game director Hidetaka Miyazaki had reportedly talked about existing “interest” in an Elden Ring adaptation following the release of Shadow of the Erdtree. Now, fantasy writer George RR Martin, who helped build the world of Elden Ring, has teased the possibility of a film or a TV show based on the game. Elden Ring adaptation teased In a blog post published June 29, the author hinted at an Elden Ring adaptation by enthusiastically feigning ignorance about a possible project. “Oh, and about those rumors you may have heard about a feature film or television series based on ELDEN RING… I have nothing to say,” Martin said. “Not a word, nope, not a thing, I know nothing, you never heard a peep from me, mum mum mum. What rumor?” he added. Martin's coy suggestions follow admission from FromSoftware president and Elden Ring director Hidetaka Miyazaki that he wouldn't mind seeing the game adapted to a different medium. In an interview with The Guardian published after the release of Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree, Miyazaki had said: “I don't see any reason to deny another interpretation or adaptation of Elden Ring, a movie for example. Hidetaka Miyazaki Says Lowering Elden Ring Difficulty Would ‘Break the Game' “But I don't think myself, or FromSoftware, have the knowledge or ability to produce something in a different medium. So that's where a very strong partner would come into play. We'd have to build a lot of trust and agreement on whatever it is we're trying to achieve, but there's interest, for sure,” he had added. Nebula Award for Elden Ring Martin, whose epic fantasy novels from A Song of Ice and Fire series were adapted into Game of Thrones TV show by HBO, helped FromSoftware write the world and lore of Elden Ring. In his blog, he also thanked the Science Fiction & Fantasy Writers Association for presenting its Nebula Award for Game Writing to Elden Ring last year. “I did the worldbuilding for that project; Hidetaka Miyazaka [sic] and his team did all the rest. We were both honored with trophies,” the writer said in his blog post. Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree Is Now the Highest Rated DLC on Metacritic Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree expansion was released June 21 across PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One and Xbox Series S/X. Since its launch, it has become the highest rated DLC on Metacritic, even as the game has come under some criticism from players over its high degree of difficulty. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp Now Lets Users Create Events in Group Chats on iPhone with Latest Update" ,  WhatsApp for iOS is introducing a new feature that lets users create events in group chats. The feature was first spotted in a beta version of the app for the Android platform by a feature tracker. However, it is now being rolled out to the stable version of the instant messaging app for iPhone. Its arrival builds upon several previously reported features in development, including a new shortcut for quick replies to video notes and a new in-app dialler for the Calls tab. Events in Group chats The arrival of the Event option in group chats was spotted by feature tracker WABetaInfo on WhatsApp for iOS app version 24.13.72. Prior to the update, users could create events in WhatsApp but only in Communities, enabling members to engage and hold activities such as online meetings.  Option to Add Event in Group Chats on WhatsApp Now, the same functionality is arriving for group chats too. Tapping the “+” icon opens up the activity menu which now lists Event. Users can then choose the event name, add a description, set the start time and enter the location if required. Furthermore, they can also toggle the WhatsApp call link option to start a WhatsApp call upon commencement of the event. The feature is available to all WhatsApp for iOS users. Gadgets 360 staff members were able to access this feature after updating the WhatsApp app to the latest version. New features are usually rolled out in a gradual manner, meaning that it might take a couple of days for them to arrive on all devices. Multiple AI chatbots WhatsApp recently rolled out Meta AI – the artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot – to other regions including India. It is now reported that the instant messaging platform might let choose users between two AI models: Llama 3-70B and Llama 3-405B. While the former is a smaller model aimed at providing quick responses, the latter is Meta's largest model in its family of LLMs, with 400 billion parameters. WhatsApp for Android Might Soon Let You Pick The Llama Model for Meta AI


YouTube May Soon Let Users Set Custom Thumbnails for Playlists


Truecaller Will Now Offer Insurance Protection Against Mobile Frauds However, the Llama 3-405B AI model has not yet been released to the public. The feature was spotted in WhatsApp for Android beta version 2.24.14.7 via a new Meta Llama model menu in the app's settings. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google’s Circle to Search Feature Reportedly Getting a QR Codes Scanning Capability" ,  Google's Circle to Search is reportedly getting another new capability that will enable it to scan QR codes and barcodes. The artificial intelligence (AI) visual lookup feature, which made its debut with the Samsung Galaxy S24 series, will be able to scan any QR codes or barcodes visible on the screen and will show a chip that shows the URL of the destination website, as per the report. Notably, an earlier report claimed that the Circle to Search will also get text-to-speech capabilities and will be able to read aloud the selected section of the screen. Circle to Search said to get QR codes scanning feature According to a report by Android Authority, the barcode and QR code support in Circle to Search was first spotted in the Google app v15.19.45.29.arm64 beta. However, that version could not be activated. Now, the publication was able to activate the feature in the Google app v15.25.32.  Circle to Search QR code and barcode scannerPhoto Credit: Android Authority  In a short video, the report showed the workings of the new feature. On a screen where a barcode or a QR code is visible, long pressing the Home button to activate the feature will automatically scan the screen for any such codes. Once identified, it shows a chip next to the codes where part of the destination URL is visible. The report also claims that the chip also shows a link preview wherever available. Interestingly, it appears that this feature has been taken from Google Lens, which can also scan QR codes and barcodes. Earlier this year, Product Manager Erin Lynch and Director of Product Management Alistair Pott, who were working with the team that built Circle to Search said in an interview confirmed that some of the features of Circle to Search utilised Google Lens capabilities. The duo also said that they were trying to integrate the two products further together. This feature could be part of that. Once the visual lookup feature rolls out, it can make looking up QR codes convenient. Additionally, the feature will also offer added safety for users by showing the destination before a user scans it. Samsung Galaxy S21, Z Fold 3, Flip 3 Will Only Get These Two AI Features


Chrome May Soon Get a Feature Similar to Android’s Circle to Search


How to Use Google's Circle to Search Feature on Your iPhone Currently, the feature is not visible and beta testers will not be able to try it out. There is no word on when the tech giant might release the feature. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme C63 With 45W Wired Fast Charging, Vegan Leather Design Debuts in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Realme C63 was unveiled in India on Monday, a few weeks after its initial launch in May this year. The entry-level smartphone has been introduced in a vegan leather design and is backed by several artificial intelligence (AI) based features like Air Gestures and Rainwater Smart Touch. It packs a 5,000mAh battery with support for wired fast charging. The handset is offered in a single RAM and storage configuration and will be available for sale later this week. Realme C63 price in India, availability The Realme C63 is priced in India at Rs. 8,999 for the sole 4GB + 128GB option. The first sale of the handset will start in the country from 12pm IST on July 3 via Flipkart, Realme India website and select retail stores. The phone is offered in two colour options - Jade Green and Leather Blue, the latter of which has a vegan leather finish. Realme C63 With 5,000mAh Battery, Unisoc T612 Chipset Debuts: See Price Realme C63 features The Realme C63 is equipped with AI-backed features like Air Gestures which allows users to operate the handset without touching the screen. It also supports the Rainwater Smart Touch feature to allow the screen to be used even with wet hands. The phone also comes with a collapsible Mini-Capsule feature that shows notifications and alerts around the hole-punch cutout. The handset houses a 5,000mAh battery with 45W wired fast charging support. It is claimed to offer up to one hour of talk time on a single charge. Realme is yet to reveal the detailed specifications of the Indian version of the Realme C63, but it appears to share similar features with the global variant of the smartphone. The Realme C63 sports a 6.74-inch 90Hz HD+ screen and a 50-megapixel dual rear unit alongside an 8-megapixel selfie shooter. Realme 13 Pro 5G Series India Launch Confirmed


Realme VP Chase Xu Says All Future Smartphone Models Will Have AI Features The Realme C63 is backed by an octa-core Unisoc T612 chipset paired with a Mali-G57 GPU, 4GB of RAM and 128GB of onboard storage. It ships with Android 14-based Realme UI 5. The handset also has an IP54-rated build for dust and splash resistance.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple’s Cheaper Version of Vision Pro May Use Larger but Lower-Resolution Displays: Report" ,  Apple is said to be developing plans for a more affordable version of the Vision Pro – its first-ever mixed reality (MR) headset. While no release date has been revealed and the device isn't even official, it is speculated to launch by the end of 2025. According to a recent report, this new headset may have larger displays but with lower resolution, in a bid to keep the costs down. Cheaper Vision Pro with lower-resolution displays According to a report by The Elec, the more affordable version of the Apple Vision Pro may offer large 2.1-inch OLED-on-Silicon (OLEDoS) displays, making them considerably larger than the ones present on the current Vision Pro headset. These screens are tipped to have a resolution of 1,700 pixels per inch (ppi). At present, Sony is reportedly Apple's primary supplier of these microdisplays. However, its production capacity is capped at 9,00,000 panels per year, and since each headset uses two screens, it translates to a maximum capacity to support 4,50,000 mixed-reality headsets. Apple Begins Working on iOS 19, Gives It the Codename Luck: Report To tackle this, Apple is said to have issued a request for information (RFI) – a process to procure technology-related information before a product's development, to other display makers including Samsung and LG to gauge their production capabilities. As per the report, this is not only an attempt to increase the shipments of the Vision Pro but to also establish a stable supply of the displays. However, it is reportedly unclear if both companies will respond to Apple's request. Notably, the Apple Vision Pro consists of two 1.42-inch displays with a pixel density of 3,400 ppi. These screens are also considered to be one of the key reasons behind the high $3,499 (roughly Rs. 2,90,000) price of the headset, with the displays reportedly costing $456 (roughly Rs. 38,000) alone. Apple Intelligence to Reportedly Soon Arrive on Apple Vision Pro


iPhone 16 Lineup to Get New Battery That Could Last Longer: Report If it comes to fruition, the displays on the more affordable Vision Pro would mean a big downgrade compared to the existing version, but one which may also result in an overall lower price of the mixed reality headset. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple AirPods With Camera for Better Spatial Audio Capabilities Said to Launch Soon: Ming-Chi Kuo" ,  Apple is reportedly working on new AirPods that will come equipped with cameras. These new AirPods will feature infrared radiation (IR) cameras, similar to the ones integrated with the iPhone Face ID receiver. It is said that the new true wireless stereo (TWS) by the Cupertino-based tech giant will offer an enhanced spatial audio experience when used with the Apple Vision Pro, the company's mixed-reality headset. Last month at WWDC, the company introduced new features for AirPods such as gesture-based controls to interact with Siri, capabilities for head-tracking while playing games, and improved sound during voice calls. Apple said to launch camera-equipped AirPods In a Medium post, TF Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said, “My latest supply chain survey indicates that Apple plans to mass-produce new AirPods with camera modules by 2026, featuring an IR camera similar to the iPhone Face ID receiver (not the transmitter).” Notably, a previous report in February also hinted at AirPods with cameras and advanced sensors. The new functionality to AirPods is reportedly being added to improve the spatial audio experience when paired with the Vision Pro and any future Apple headsets the company launches. It is said that if a user is watching a video on the mixed-reality headset wearing the new earphones and turns their head in a specific direction, they will hear a louder or more emphasised audio from the sound source in that direction. The overall impact is said to be a more immersive experience. iOS 18 Could Make Connecting iPhone With Third-Party Accessories Quicker As per the report, the IR cameras on the AirPods will be capable of detecting environmental image changes. These will be able to detect when a Vision Pro user moves the head and the orientation of the video player changes in the augmented reality or virtual reality environment. Further, it is said that the earphones may also offer in-air gestures to interact with the device. AirPods Pro 2 Get New Siri Interactions, Voice Isolation Features


iPhone, iPad, MacBook Get Discounted for Vijay Sales Apple Days Sale Kuo claimed that the Taiwan-based Foxconn is Apple's provider for the IR cameras. The supply chain giant is reportedly planning to manufacture 18-20 million units, which roughly translates to 10 million AirPods. However, these are projected numbers and the final output would depend on market conditions. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Honor 200 5G Series Confirmed to Launch in India; Amazon Page Goes Live" ,  Honor 200 and Honor 200 Pro made their debut in the UK last month and they will soon launch in India soon. Honor is yet to announce an official date for their arrival in the country, but ahead of that, Amazon has listed the devices. The listing shows the phones with a coming soon tag. The Honor 200 runs on a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC, while the Pro version has a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset under the hood. Both phones feature OLED full-HD+ screens, 5,200mAh batteries with 100W fast charging support, and 50-megapixel triple rear camera units. Honor 200 series spotted on Amazon The landing page of Honor 200 and Honor 200 Pro is currently live on the Amazon India website. The website doesn't specify the exact launch date of the smartphones but, they are listed with a 'coming soon' tag. Interested customers can click on the “Notify Me” button on the online marketplace to get the latest updates about the launch. The listing shows the rear design with triple rear cameras and 5G connectivity for the Honor 200 series. Recently, the Honor 200 Pro with the model number ELP-NX9 surfaced on the BIS website. Honor is yet to announce an exact launch date for the lineup, however, the brand is expected to unveil both phones in July. Honor Magic V Flip With 4-Inch Cover Screen Debuts Honor 200 series price, specifications The Honor 200 is priced at GBP 499.99 (roughly Rs. 53,500) in the UK, while the Honor 200 Pro is priced at GBP 699.99 (roughly Rs. 74,800). Honor 200 and Honor 200 Pro run on MagicOS 8.0 based on Android 14 and feature full-HD+ (1,224 x2,700 pixels) screens. The Pro model has a 6.78 display and runs on the Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset. The vanilla model gets a 6.7-inch display and is powered by a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 chip. Both phones feature triple rear camera units comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor, a 50-megapixel telephoto camera, and a 12-megapixel ultra-wide-angle macro camera. They have a 50-megapixel front camera as well. Honor Showcases New AI Technology That Will Protect Your Eyes Both Honor 200 and Honor 200 Pro carry 5,200mAh battery units with 100W wired fast charging support. The Pro model supports 66W wireless fast charging. 




title = "Samsung One UI 6 Watch Beta for Select Galaxy Watch 5, Galaxy Watch 4 Models Reportedly Released" ,  Samsung has released the One UI 6 Watch Beta for select models in the Galaxy Watch 5 and Galaxy Watch 4 lineup, according to claims on the company's community forums. This move comes just a month after the South Korean tech giant kicked off the One UI 6 Watch beta program – its next operating system for its smartwatches – in the US and South Korea, starting the Galaxy Watch 6 series. The update brought several artificial intelligence (AI) features to Samsung's smartwatches. Now, it is said to be coming to older Galaxy Watch models too. One UI Watch 6 beta update According to multiple posts on Samsung's Community Forum, several Galaxy Watch 5 and Galaxy Watch 4 users reported the availability of the One UI 6 Watch Beta on their devices. It is said to be available via the Samsung Galaxy Watch Beta Program in the Members app which allows users to try out experimental features before they are widely rolled out. Once signed up, users may be able to download the update via the Galaxy Wearable app. However, the update is said to be limited to the Galaxy Watch 5 and Galaxy Watch 4 Bluetooth models. This means users with LTE models of the smartwatches may not get it yet. Furthermore, the One UI 6 Watch Beta update seems to be only available in the US and South Korea. Samsung Galaxy Ring May Allow Users to Measure Temperature via Skin Samsung announced its next operating system update for its smartwatches on June 12, commencing the program with the Galaxy Watch 6. It brought several new features to the smartwatch, including capabilities powered by Galaxy AI – Samsung's suite of AI features. One UI 6 Watch beta features The update brings a new energy score feature that allows users to monitor their energy levels throughout the day. Samsung claims it can also provide sleep insights, including respiratory rate and heart rate, analysing the quality of the user's sleep cycle. Users can now also combine different exercises and set goals, according to Samsung. All these features are said to be powered by Galaxy AI. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Watch Ultra, Buds 3 Details Leak Ahead of Launch


OnePlus Watch 2 With eSIM Connectivity, 1.43-Inch Display Debuts Furthermore, it is also claimed to bring new gestures to control the Galaxy Watch. Samsung says notifications can now be scrolled by flicking the wrist horizontally. Users can also take actions such as answering calls, turning off alarms and taking pictures with a new double-pinch gesture. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "YouTube for Android Reportedly Testing Custom Thumbnails for Playlists Created by Users" ,  YouTube may soon allow users to upload thumbnails for custom playlists created by them, according to a report. The video-streaming platform currently allows uploading thumbnails for videos published by users. However, the same functionality isn't available for playlists curated by them. However, this may soon change with an option to upload thumbnails for playlists on Android devices reported following an APK teardown of the YouTube for Android beta app. Thumbnails for playlists In a report, Android Authority revealed that it had discovered the presence of a code which hints towards a feature that may let users upload thumbnails for playlists. The feature was reported following an APK teardown of the YouTube for Android beta app version 9.26.33. It is said to include a code referencing “CustomThumbnailCreationActivity”, which potentially hints at the ability to create custom thumbnails for playlists. Furthermore, it is also reported to include strings for “upload failure”, informing the user that they may have to try again. The feature is also speculated to have dimension requirements, with one of the strings mentioning small dimensions as one of the reasons for the upload failure of the thumbnail image. Character.AI Introduces Feature That Lets You 'Call' AI Chatbots At present, users can upload custom thumbnails for videos uploaded on YouTube for Android, but not for playlists. Instead, the thumbnail is usually based on the first video saved in the playlist. While it can be set to another video, thumbnails cannot be custom-uploaded. With this change, it may bring more ways to customise the playlist, with the user being able to set any image as the thumbnail, instead of limiting it to the thumbnails of the videos. Sleep timer on YouTube The video streaming platform is also reported to be developing a sleep timer for its Android app. It may enable users to set a sleep timer, allowing them to set the video playback before it automatically stops. Furthermore, the sleep timer may also show up as a notification on the smartphone's home screen. Truecaller Will Now Offer Insurance Protection Against Mobile Frauds


YouTube Said to Be In Discussions With Record Labels For AI Deals The feature was reported during an APK teardown of the YouTube app for Android version 19.25.33. Although this functionality already exists in YouTube Music, it is speculated to arrive in the video-streaming app too. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iOS 19 Development Reportedly Begins at Apple for 2025 Release; Said to Be Codenamed Luck" ,  Apple has reportedly begun developing the next year's operating systems for its devices. The report comes just a month after the Cupertino-based tech giant unveiled iOS 18, macOS Sequoia, watchOS 11, and visionOS 2 at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024. iOS 18, which will be publicly rolled out this fall, gets home screen customisation, Control Center improvements, RCS support, and more. While not much is known about what iOS 19 may bring, it is said that the company has codenamed it Luck. Apple reportedly begins developing iOS 19, macOS 16, others The information comes from Bloomberg's Mark Gurman in his Power On newsletter, which mentions that the company has formally begun developing 2025's major operating systems. These include iOS 19 for the iPhone, macOS 16 for Mac devices, watchOS 12 for the Apple Watch, and visionOS 3 for the Apple Vision Pro. Citing unnamed sources, Gurman claims Apple has also allotted dedicated codenames for each of the abovementioned operating systems. While iOS 19 is being called Luck, macOS 16 has been codenamed Cheer. The watchOS 12 is being called Nepali internally whereas visionOS 3 gets the internal name Discovery. Notably, these codenames do not mean anything about the new features the OS might carry. Apple Intelligence to Reportedly Soon Arrive on Apple Vision Pro The report highlighted that the company's work for next year's operating systems begins at a time when it is also fine-tuning the current year's OS that will be rolled out in fall. However, this is not unusual for the tech giant, which usually starts its software building process this time of the year. Gurman also claims that the company has also begun developing the hardware products for the next year, and will require the software to test the devices. iPhone 16 Lineup to Get New Battery That Could Last Longer: Report


Apple is Reportedly Making it Easier to Replace iPhone Batteries Since it is very early in the software development cycle, no new features or changes are known at this stage. However, leaks are expected to arrive in the coming days. Separately, Apple is also gearing up to publicly launch iOS 18 later this year. Recently, the company released the iOS 18 Developer Beta 2 with the iPhone Mirroring, a new toggle for RCS Messaging (currently not activated), and a new dark-themed icon for the App Store. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Multiple Remakes of Older Assassin's Creed Games in the Works, Ubisoft CEO Confirms" ,  Assassin's Creed is the jewel in Ubisoft's crown, with games in the franchise reportedly selling over 200 million units since it started in 2007. The action-adventure series has gone through several changes over 13 mainline titles, transitioning from its stealth-focussed historical adventure roots to an open-world RPG approach seen in recent games. Ubisoft is set to release the next game in the series later this year, but there are more on the way. The studio has confirmed that multiple remakes of older Assassin's Creed games are in the works. Assassin's Creed remakes Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot, in an interview published on the company's website last week, shed light on the future of Assassin's Creed and the studio's upcoming portfolio of games. The executive confirmed that fans can expect several AC remakes to arrive, without divulging any details about the titles or their launch timelines. “Firstly, players can be excited about some remakes, which will allow us to revisit some of the games we've created in the past and modernize them; there are worlds in some of our older Assassin's Creed games that are still extremely rich,” Guillemot said. Star Wars Outlaws Gets Gameplay Showcase at Ubisoft Forward: Watch The Ubisoft CEO promised more variety in Assassin's Creed titles, saying the series will focus on bringing different experiences with each release. Last year's Assassin's Creed Mirage, for instance, offered a leaner, stealthier experience that harkened back to early games in the series. Meanwhile, the upcoming Assassin's Creed Shadows will continue the expansive open-world RPG approach of recent titles like Assassin's Creed Valhalla. “The goal is to have Assassin's Creed games come out more regularly, but not for it to be the same experience every year,” he said. Guillemot also talked about the already announced Assassin's Creed Hexe. The game was announced at Ubisoft Forward in 2022 and will explore a period setting focussed on the 16th-century witch trials. While Ubisoft has kept its cards close to the chest when it comes to details about the game and its release window, Guillemot confirmed that Assassin's Creed Hexe would be very different from Assassin's Creed Shadows. “We're going to surprise people, I think,” he said. Assassin's Creed Shadows Guillemot also shared a few details about the upcoming Assassin's Creed Shadows. The Japan-set open-world action-adventure title is set to release November 15 on PC, PS5 and Xbox Series S/X. The Ubisoft CEO talked about the dynamic weather system in the game, promising the mechanic would go beyond superficial visual changes to impact gameplay. Assassin's Creed Shadows Gameplay Blends Stealth and Open Combat “In Assassin's Creed Shadows, for example, we have a weather system that will affect its gameplay; ponds that were once swimmable might freeze, for instance,” he said. “Visually, we're also seeing a big step forward,” the Ubisoft CEO added. The studio executive also reiterated Ubisoft's commitment to live service titles and touted the potential use cases of generative artificial intelligence (AI) in video game development. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Solos AirGo Vision Smart Glasses With GPT-4o and Google Gemini Integration Reportedly Unveiled" ,  Solos AirGo Vision smart glasses were recently unveiled by the company, as per a report. The Hong Kong-based brand so far only offers audio-based smart features, and this will be the first time when its device will also provide artificial intelligence (AI) features with computer vision. It is said that the smart glasses will be integrated with GPT-4o large language model (LLM) which will provide the vision-based features. However, the device will reportedly also work with Google Gemini and Anthropic's Claude AI. Solos AirGo Vision reportedly unveiled According to a report by 9to5Google, the Solos AirGo Vision is going to be the brand's first camera-equipped smart glasses. The device is expected to launch later this month. Out-of-the-box, it is said to be integrated with OpenAI's latest AI model GPT-4o, and will offer computer vision capabilities. For the end user, this means that once an image has been captured by the on-device camera, the AI will be able to answer queries about the image. It can reportedly recognise locations, objects, surroundings, and more. Once recognised it will be able to offer more information about the images. Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses Get New Features With Latest Update To offer vision capabilities, the smart glasses will be equipped with a camera on the right side of the frame, similar to the Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses. These cameras will be able to click images and record videos. Once captured, the AI can take over and offer assistance by analysing images. Citing the press release, the report mentions the AirGo Vision will be able to navigate and narrate directions and landmarks, share the next steps of the recipe while cooking, assist with studies, and even offer contextual information while shopping. The last part is interesting as the device is said to be able to search the internet and find if a better price is available elsewhere. As per the report, Solos AIrGo Vision will also come with swappable frames, similar to its other devices. This means users can effectively remove the camera-mounted frame and replace it with a different set of frames. It will offer users with the convenience of not carrying the camera where it might not be appropriate to do so. Apart from the camera, it will also feature speakers and LED lights. Apple Patent Describes Hinge That Could Arrive on Future Smartglasses


Meta Orion AR Smart Glasses Might Be Unveiled Later This Year: Report Solos AirGo Vision will reportedly launch in July and the base model of the device will be priced $249.99 (roughly Rs. 20,850). However, this model will come without the camera. The price of the camera-equipped variant has not yet been disclosed. For reference, the Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses, that offer similar features is priced $299 (roughly Rs. 24,900). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme C61 4G Global Variant Price, Design Surface Online; Key Features Tipped" ,  Realme C61 4G was launched in India on June 28. An online report suggests that the global variant of the smartphone will be distinctly different from the Indian version. The handset is expected to feature a different rear camera module design. The report has shared a leaked live image of the Realme C61 4G global variant, which shows distinct design changes from the recently launched Indian model. The price of the purported global variant of the handset, alongside some of its key features, has also been suggested. Realme C61 4G global variant price, design (expected) The Realme C61 4G global version is expected to be priced at EUR 130 (roughly Rs. 11,700) in select international markets, according to a Passionategeekz report. The report included a leaked image of the handset with its retail box. The phone is seen in a black or dark grey colour option. It has a slightly raised, squarish camera module placed in the top left corner of the rear panel. This design, along with the placement of the cameras and flash units, is similar to the design of the iPhone 15 Pro models.  Realme C61 4G global variant leaked live imagePhoto Credit: Passionategeekz This is distinctly different from the design of the Realme C61 4G Indian version, which has a rectangular camera island, with the dual rear camera units arranged vertically, in the top left corner of the panel. Realme C61 India Price, Key Features Revealed: Check Availability, Offers The report added that the global variant of the Realme C61 4G is tipped to launch in India as the Realme Narzo N61 4G. Realme C61 4G global variant features (expected) The Realme C61 4G global version will feature an HD+ (1,600 x 720 pixels) display with 320dpi pixel density, according to the aforementioned report. The handset is expected to be powered by a Unisoc Speedtrum T612 4G SoC paired with 4GB or 6GB of RAM and up to 128GB of onboard storage. It is likely to ship with Android 14-based Realme UI 5.0. For optics, the global variant of the Realme C61 4G may come with a 50-megapixel primary rear sensor. The phone will likely be backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 45W wired fast charging support. It is also said to feature a customisable dynamic button as well as an IP54-rated build for dust and splash resistance. The handset is also said to support air gestures and rain-sensitive smart touch technology that allows people to use the phone even with wet hands. Realme 13 Pro 5G Series India Launch Confirmed


Realme VP Chase Xu Says All Future Smartphone Models Will Have AI Features Notably, the Indian version of the Realme C61 5G starts at Rs. 7,699 for the 4GB + 64GB option. It sports a 6.78-inch 90Hz HD+ screen and a 32-megapixel main camera alongside a 5-megapixel selfie shooter. The phone runs on a Unisoc T612 chipset and is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 10W charging support.   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Bitcoin Surges Amid EU's MiCA Law Rollout; Altcoins Also See Profits Due to Market Optimism" ,  Bitcoin on Monday, July 1 showed price hikes on foreign as well as local exchanges. As per CoinMarketCap, the most expensive crypto asset grew by 4.26 percent over the last day to trade at the price point of $63,373 (roughly Rs. 52.8 lakh) on international exchanges. Internationally, BTC was trading at $61,637 (roughly Rs. 51.4 lakh) on global exchanges last week. This is the first time in over a month that BTC has breached the mark of $63,000 (roughly Rs. 52.5 lakh). Meanwhile on Indian exchanges like WazirX and CoinSwitch, the current value of BTC stands at $68,110 (roughly Rs. 56.8 lakh). Ether stepped into July trading at $3,491 (roughly Rs. 2.91 lakh) on foreign exchanges. Over the last week, ETH has managed to grow in prices by $43 (roughly Rs. 3,587). The value of ETH in India, meanwhile, stands at $3,236 (roughly Rs. 2.70 lakh) as shown on the crypto price chart by Gadgets360. “The EU's new Markets in Crypto-Assets (MiCA) regulation has taken effect, providing comprehensive legal and regulatory clarity for the digital asset market. MiCA aims to address the crypto industry's boom-bust cycles and give euro-denominated stablecoins a chance to succeed,” the CoinSwitch Markets Desk told Gadgets360, commenting on the market rally. Bolivia Reverses Bitcoin Ban, Allows Banks to Make Crypto Transactions Majority cryptocurrencies recorded profits on July 1, as shown by Gadgets360's crypto tracker. These cryptocurrencies include Solana, Ripple, Cardano, Avalanche, Tron, and Shiba Inu. Profits also struck Polkadot, Near Protocol, Polygon, Stellar, Cosmos, Cronos, and Bitcoin SV. The overall crypto market cap rose by 3.87 percent in the last 24 hours. At the time of writing, the crypto sector valuation stands at $2.33 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,94,40,413 crore), shows CoinMarketCap. eRupee Activity Dips After Banks End Promotion Initiatives: Report “With the US presidential debate showing that pro-crypto Trump has a better chance of winning the upcoming elections, investors are optimistic about the future of the world's largest digital asset. The crypto market will sustain this momentum this week if the macroeconomic factors remain favourable,” Shivam Thakral, CEO of BuyUcoin, told Gadgets360. Among loss-making cryptocurrencies, Binance Coin, Leo, and Braintrust registered their names on Monday. “Overall, the market looks healthy right now, but this week will be crucial due to key U.S. macro events such as the job openings and unemployment rate announcements,” CoinDCX told Gadgets360.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme 13 Pro 5G Series With Professional AI Camera to Launch in India Soon; Design Teased" ,  Realme 13 Pro 5G series will soon be unveiled in India. The company has confirmed the launch of the lineup in the country. It has also teased the design of one of the upcoming handsets. However, Realme has not yet announced a launch timeline or revealed any key specifications of the series. The series is expected to succeed the Realme 12 Pro lineup, which was introduced in India in January this year. Realme 13 Pro 5G series launch The Realme 13 Pro 5G series is confirmed to launch in India soon, the company said in a press release. An exact timeline for the launch is yet to be revealed. A live microsite of the lineup is live on Flipkart, confirming the availability of the upcoming handsets. The company also announced that it will hold an AI imaging media preview event in Bangkok on July 4. This will see the reveal of AI imaging-related information alongside testing and certification details. Realme will also announce a new collaboration with TÜV Rheinland during the event. These announcements will likely be relevant to the upcoming Realme 13 Pro 5G series handsets. Realme 13 Pro Colours, RAM, Storage Options Leaked Realme did not confirm what phones will be part of the new series. The upcoming series may also feature a Realme 13 Pro 5G and a Realme 13 Pro+ 5G model, succeeding the Realme 12 Pro+ 5G and Realme 12 Pro 5G. Realme 13 Pro 5G series design (expected) The design of one of the Realme 13 Pro 5G series phones has been teased in a banner on the microsite. The silhouette of the rear panel holds a large circular camera module. The word "hyperimage" is embossed on the camera island which is seen in a golden shade. The ridges on the right edge show the placement of the power button and volume rockers. Realme 13 Pro specifications (expected) The Realme 13 Pro 5G series handsets have been teased to feature AI-backed cameras and are also claimed to be equipped with several industry-first features. It is touted to be the company's "first professional AI camera" phone. However, no details about the camera have yet been revealed. Realme 13 Pro+, Realme GT 6 Said to Launch Soon; Specifications Tipped


Realme VP Chase Xu Says All Future Smartphone Models Will Have AI Features An older leak suggested that the Realme 13 Pro 5G is likely to launch in four RAM and storage configurations — 8GB + 128GB, 8GB + 256GB, 12GB + 256GB, and 12GB + 512GB. The leak added that the phone may be offered in monet gold, monet purple, and sky green shades. The last colourway could be limited to the 12GB RAM variants. We can expect to learn more about the Realme 13 Pro series in the coming few days.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "TRAI Enforces New Porting Guidelines From July 1 to Curb Fraudulent SIM Replacements" ,  Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) announced several new guidelines concerning the replacement of lost, damaged or stolen SIM cards on March 14. The rules come into effect starting today (July 1). As per the guidelines, mobile phone users must now wait for a specified period of time before they will be allowed to switch network providers. As per the regulator, this move is said to be aimed at curbing fraudulent SIM replacements and switching telecom providers. New TRAI guidelines As per the circular issued by TRAI, users will now have to wait seven days after they have replaced stolen, damaged or lost SIM cards to switch network providers. These new rules come into effect today following the Ninth Amendment of the Mobile Number Portability (MNP) Regulations, introduced in 2009. MNP regulations have been amended eight times in the past. Notably, MNP regulations offer a way for users to switch between telecom service providers in India while retaining their unique mobile numbers. According to TRAI, its new rules are aimed at combating fraudulent SIM swaps or replacements done by nefarious actors. iPhone 16 Lineup to Get New Battery That Could Last Longer: Report TRAI defines SIM swap as a process of “acquisition of a new SIM card in place of a lost or non-working SIM card by the existing subscriber”. The regulator allows mobile phone users to obtain a new SIM card if the old one is lost, stolen or damaged. As per the regulations, telecom providers will now be prohibited from issuing a unique porting code (UPC) to users in the initial seven days following the replacement or swap of the SIM. For this, a new criteria for rejection of the UPC issuance has been introduced. To issue a UNP, mobile service providers must check for the following conditions: The mobile number has been ported earlier. If so, a period of 90 days has not elapsed since the last date of porting. Another porting request from the same mobile number is in process. A UPC has already been issued to the mobile number and hasn't expired. If any of the aforementioned conditions are valid, the network provider will be forbidden from generating a UPC and will have to inform the subscriber of the reason via an SMS, as per TRAI. Apple is Reportedly Making it Easier to Replace iPhone Batteries


Infinix Note 40S 4G Detailed Specifications Confirmed Ahead of Launch The draft of these rules was finalised after a suggestion by the Department of Telecommunications (DoT), according to TRAI. Meetings were also held with stakeholders along with due analysis, following which the amendment was announced. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Vision Pro Will Reportedly Get Apple Intelligence Capabilities, But Not This Year" ,  Apple Vision Pro might also enter the list of devices that will get Apple Intelligence features, as per a report. At the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024, the Cupertino-based tech giant showcased its new artificial intelligence (AI) features including Writing Tools, AI-powered Siri, Genmoji, and more. At the time, these features were announced for iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS Sequoia. It is now said that Vision Pro will also get these AI features. However, reportedly, these features will not arrive this year. Apple Vision Pro said to get Apple Intelligence features According to a report by Bloomberg's Mark Gurman in his Power On newsletter, the tech giant has started the work to bring Apple Intelligence to its mixed reality headset. Citing people familiar with the matter, the report claims that these features are not likely to arrive this year. However, it is not known whether the AI features will be rolled out early next year, or if users will have to wait till the release of visionOS 3 in fall 2025. Gurman highlights adding Apple Intelligence to the Vision Pro should not prove to be much of a challenge given the device's 16GB of unified RAM which he claims is “more than enough” to run AI tasks. Given the headset uses the M2 chipset, processor-related issues should also not occur. Finally, the report states that visionOS is a variant of the existing iPadOS, which should reduce the hassle of integrating AI features into the device. Apple Vision Pro getting AI features would also be a logical upgrade functionally. Apple calls the mixed-reality headset a device designed to handle computer tasks, and features such as notification prioritisation, Writing Tools, and [Siri](https://www.gadgets360.com/tags/siri) that can handle complex tasks will only enhance its capabilities. Apple Will Reportedly Seek Local AI Partners in China to Launch AI Features


iOS 18 May Bring AI Performance Boost to iPhone, Geekbench Score Suggests


These Apple Intelligence Features Might Not Come to Your iPhone Till 2025 The report claims one reason for the delay in introducing the AI features to the Vision Pro could be to prevent its recently announced Private Cloud Compute servers from being overburdened. It is said that the company is still expanding the infrastructure of its cloud systems, and expanding it to too many products right away might impact the latency or efficiency of delivering the features. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo Y18t, Vivo Y18i Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website; Launch Could Be Imminent" ,  Vivo Y18 and Vivo Y18e with MediaTek Helio G85 SoCs and 5,000mAh batteries were introduced in India earlier this year. Now, the Chinese smartphone brand seems to be gearing up to unveil new models in the Y18 series. Vivo is yet to reveal any details about these models, but ahead of it, they have allegedly surfaced on the IMEI database confirming their existence. Like the siblings, the Vivo Y18t and Vivo Y18i are expected to debut as budget offerings. Vivo Y18t, Vivo Y18i spotted on IMEI website GizmoChina spotted the Vivo Y18t and Vivo Y18i on the IMEI database. As per the listing, the former has model number V2408 and the latter is associated with model number V2414. Besides the model numbers, the listing doesn't reveal any details about the handsets. The Vivo Y18t and Vivo Y18i are expected to launch as affordable smartphones. They are likely to bring improvements over the Vivo Y18 and Vivo Y18e. Vivo T3 Lite 5G With 50-Megapixel Camera Launched in India: See Price Vivo Y18, Vivo Y18e price in India, specifications The Vivo Y18 and Vivo Y18e were launched in India in May with a starting price tag of Rs. 8,999 and Rs. 7,999, respectively. They are available in Gem Green and Space Black colour options. On the specification front, Vivo Y18 and Vivo Y18e run on Android 14-based Funtouch OS 14 and feature a 6.56-inch HD+ (1,612 x 720 pixels) LCD screen with a 90Hz refresh rate and 269ppi pixel density. Both models are equipped with an octa-core MediaTek Helio G85 SoC paired with 4GB of LPDDR4X RAM and up to 128GB of eMMC 5.1 inbuilt storage. Vivo Pad 3 With 10,000mAh Battery, Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 Chip Launched The handsets have dual rear cameras. The Vivo Y18's gets a 50-megapixel primary rear sensor alongside a 0.08-megapixel sensor. It features an 8-megapixel selfie shooter. Meanwhile, the Vivo Y18e features a 13-megapixel primary rear sensor and a 0.08-megapixel secondary unit. It flaunts a 5-megapixel selfie camera. They are backed by 5,000mAh batteries with support for 15W wired fast charging. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Galaxy Ring Tipped to Bring Skin Temperature Measurement, Other Health Features" ,  Samsung Galaxy Ring was showcased at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2024 in February as the company's new category of wearables. However, the South Korean tech giant has only shown a few glimpses of its smart ring so far, but that is expected to change soon. The highly-awaited smart ring is expected to launch at the Galaxy Unpacked event on July 10 with a slew of biomonitoring features. Ahead of its launch, an APK teardown sheds light on several of them, including temperature measurement via skin, snore detection, and more. Samsung Galaxy Ring health features According to an Android Authority report, Samsung's Health app is expected to support the health-monitoring features arriving with the Galaxy Ring. While these features aren't available to the public, they were activated following an APK teardown of the Samsung Health app. With the Galaxy Ring, users will reportedly be able to measure their stress and heart rate. The Health app is also said to offer tracking of the aforementioned metrics via a chart. Furthermore, Samsung's smart ring will enable temperature measurement via skin and predict periods. Samsung Galaxy Book 4 Ultra With Up to Intel Core Ultra 9 CPUs Debut in India The report suggests that Galaxy Ring may also bring snore detection, but that will only be accessible when using the smartphone as a companion. Most of these biomonitoring features are already available with the Galaxy Watch lineup, but the arrival of the Galaxy Ring may offer a more subtle way of keeping track of one's health for those who do not wish to prefer to wear a smartwatch. Other Galaxy Ring features Galaxy Ring's case was reportedly leaked last month and it may sport a jewellery box-like design with flat edges. It is said to have a raised circular section in the middle that will hold the smart wearable in place and it may also have a charging indicator to show the ring's battery status, along with a charging pin. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 New Renders Suggest Three Colour Options


Samsung Offers Pre-Order Reservations in India Ahead of Galaxy Unpacked Although the case was rendered in a white colourway, the report suggests it may be available in more options too. It is also tipped to support wireless charging. Another report hints at multiple sizing options, ranging from 5 to 12 and the battery size of the ring may differ depending on the size. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iPhone 16 Series Said to Get Batteries With Stainless Steel Case That Could Last Longer" ,  iPhone 16 lineup is at least two months away from launch, but there have been several rumours that suggest what to expect from the upcoming lineup. The iPhone 16, iPhone 16 Plus, iPhone 16 Pro, and iPhone 16 Pro Max models will reportedly provide better battery capacity compared to their 2023 counterparts. The Cupertino-based company is bumping up the energy density of the battery in the iPhone 16 series to deliver longer battery life, claims supply chain analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. Apple is expected to use a stainless steel case that wraps around the battery. This would also help the company to comply with the European Union's requirement for replaceable batteries in smartphones. New iPhone battery could be up to 10 percent denser Supply chain analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has claimed that adopting stainless steel cases for iPhone batteries will help Apple to meet EU regulations while increasing the battery cell density. Using stainless steel casing for iPhone battery will allow for five to ten percent higher cell density while meeting safety requirements, achieving two goals at once, he said. Kuo earlier suggested that stainless steel casing will make battery replacements easier in the next iPhone models. This would help Apple comply with the European Union's requirements. Sunway is expected to be the major supplier of the stainless steel battery casings for the new iPhone 16 series. Apple Might Slash Battery Capacity of This iPhone 16 Model We've heard speculations about the iPhone 16's features and they span from larger screens, a new action button, and AI-powered features. The iPhone 16 Pro models are expected to be equipped with an A18 Pro chip. iPhone 16 Pro, iPhone 16 Pro Max Dimensions Leak; Hints at Larger Design The regular iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Plus could run on A18 Bionic chip based on TSMC's 3nm process. Meanwhile, the iPhone 16 Pro is said to feature a 6.3-inch screen, instead of 6.1-inch on its predecessor. The iPhone 16 Pro Max is tipped to feature a 6.9-inch display, up from 6.7-inch on the iPhone 15 Pro Max. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Galaxy Book 4 Ultra With Up to Intel Core Ultra 9 CPUs Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Samsung Galaxy Book 4 Ultra has been launched in India. The top-of-the-line model of the Galaxy Book 4 series was globally unveiled in December 2023. The laptop comes with up to Intel Core Ultra 9 processors and Nvidia GeForce RTX 4070 GPU. The Intel Core Ultra CPUs are equipped with Neural Processing Units (NPUs) that are said to improve on-device AI performance. Notably, the Samsung Galaxy Book 4, Galaxy Book 4 360, Galaxy Book 4 Pro, and Galaxy Book 4 Pro 360 variants were introduced in the country earlier this year. Samsung Galaxy Book 4 Ultra price in India, availability The Samsung Galaxy Book 4 Ultra price in India starts at Rs. 2,33,990 for the Intel Core Ultra 7 CPU variant paired with 16GB RAM and Nvidia GeForce RTX 4050 GPU. Meanwhile, the Intel Core Ultra 9 CPU option with 32GB RAM and Nvidia GeForce RTX 4070 GPU is priced at Rs. 2,81,990. It is available for purchase via Croma and the Samsung India website. The laptop is offered in a Grey colourway. Samsung's website says that HDFC Bank's credit and debit card users can get a Rs. 12,000 instant discount during the purchase of the laptop. There are also exchange bonuses and no-cost EMI options listed on the site. Samsung Galaxy Book 4 Series Launched in India at This Price Samsung Galaxy Book 4 Ultra specifications, features The Samsung Galaxy Book 4 Ultra sports a 16-inch WQXGA+ (2,880 x 1,800 pixels) touch AMOLED  screen with 400nits brightness level. It is powered by up to Intel Core Ultra 9 CPUs paired with up to Nvidia GeForce RTX 4070 GPU, up to 32GB RAM, and 1TB of onboard storage. The laptop runs Windows 11 Home out-of-the-box. The Galaxy Book 4 Ultra is equipped with Dolby Atmos-backed quad speakers and dual microphones. It also has a full-HD webcam and a backlit numeric keyboard. The laptop also carries two Thunderbolt 4, one USB Type-A, and one HDMI 2.1 port alongside a microSD card slot and an audio jack. Samsung Galaxy Book 4 With Up to Intel Core 7 CPUs Debut in India: See Price


Samsung Unveils Galaxy Book 4 Edge AI PC with Microsoft Copilot+ Features Samsung has packed a 76Wh battery into the Galaxy Book 4 Ultra with support for 140W fast charging via a USB Type-C adapter. It measures 355.4 x 250.4 x 16.5mm and weighs 1.86kg.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Reportedly Exploring New Technology to Simplify iPhone Battery Replacement Process" ,  Apple is exploring the use of new technology that will ease the process of replacing the battery on future iPhone models, according to a report. The Cupertino company was previously said to be reworking the design of its battery casing, which could be used as part of the company's efforts to simplify the process of decoupling the battery from an iPhone. Apple has yet to announce any plans to make iPhone batteries more replaceable, which could be prompted by incoming EU regulations that are expected to mandate removable batteries on electronics. The Information reports (via 9to5Mac) that Apple is working on a new method to replace the battery on an iPhone. The “electrically induced adhesive debonding” technology will allow users to remove the battery from the inside of the iPhone by "administering a small jolt of electricity to the battery", according to the report, that cites people familiar with the company's plans. Apple's current iPhone models are equipped with batteries that are covered in foil, and held in place using strips of adhesive, which means users need to utilise a pair of tweezers to pry the unit out of the handset's chassis. This isn't a user-friendly process — you can read more about it on Apple's support page. Apple Might Slash the Battery Capacity of This iPhone 16 Model According to the report, the company could encase future iPhone batteries in metal instead of foil, enabling the new technology to "dislodge" the battery and replace it. While this might be easier than attempting to pull the battery out of the handset, the company will reportedly continue to advise users not to attempt repairs on their own. The publication states that Apple is looking to equip one model from the iPhone 16 series of smartphones this year with batteries that are easier to replace, while the technology could be available on all of next year's models. Last year, an image of a purported iPhone 16 Pro battery with a metal shell was leaked online. iPhone 16 Series Rumored to Come in These Two New Colours


These iPhone 16 Series Models May Arrive With Larger Batteries


Apple May Use New Battery Technology in iPhone 16: All Details Given Apple's tendency to keep its hardware changes and improvements under wraps until its devices are unveiled, we can expect to learn more about the technology — if it exists — in the coming months, when the iPhone 16 series is unveiled. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Infinix Note 40S 4G Specifications, Design Confirmed via Company's Website Ahead of Launch" ,  Infinix Note 40S 4G is expected to be launched by the company in the coming weeks, and the company has already revealed the upcoming smartphone's specifications. The Note 40 series was launched in India earlier this year, and the upcoming 4G handset will feature some of the same specifications, along with a familiar design — including the Halo AI lighting ring — according to the images of the smartphone on the company's website. Here's everything you need to know about the Infinix Note 40S 4G. Infinix Note 40S 4G design The upcoming Note 40S 4G design will be similar to the Infinix Note 40 5G and Note 40 Pro 5G series that arrived in India in March, according to the company's website (via PassionateGeekz). This includes the raised metallic island that houses the rear cameras along with the Halo AI lighting ring that informs users about charging levels and notifications on the smartphone. The website also confirms that the Infinix Note 40S 4G will arrive in Obsidian Black and Vintage Green colour options. However, there's no mention of a launch date, or pricing for the smartphone. Infinix ZeroBook Ultra With Up to Intel Core Ultra 9 CPU Launched in India Infinix Note 40S 4G specifications According to the company's website, the Infinix Note 40S 4G will feature a 3D curved 6.78-inch Full-HD+ (1,080x2,436 pixels) LTPS AMOLED screen with 120Hz refresh rate and 550 nits of brightness. It will also offer an unspecified version of Corning Gorilla Glass protection.  Infinix Note 40S 4G specificationsPhoto Credit: Screenshot/ Infinix  Like the standard Note 40 model, this handset will be equipped with a 6nm Helio G99 Ultimate chipset from MediaTek. It has 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM and 256GB of UFS 2.2 storage, according to the company. Infinix GT Book Review: Gaming Laptop on a Budget The Infinix Note 40S 4G is also confirmed to run on Android 14, with the company's XOS 14 skin on top, and is scheduled to receive two years of OS upgrades and three years of security patches. There are only two rear cameras on the Infinix Note 40S 4G, unlike the other Note 40 models. The primary camera has a 108-megapixel sensor, which is accompanies by a 2-megapixel macro camera. On the front, there's a 32-megapixel selfie camera. Connectivity options on the Infinix Note 40S 4G include Wi-Fi 5, Bluetooth, 4G LTE, NFC, GPS, and a USB Type-C port. The handset has an IP54 rating for dust and splash resistance. The phone has a dual speaker setup tuned by JBL. Infinix Note 40 5G With 15W Wireless Charging Debuts in India at This Price


Infinix GT 20 Pro Review


Infinix Note 40 Series Racing Edition With Up to 100W Fast Charging Debuts The Infinix Note 40S 4G packs a 5,000mAh battery that can be charged with a 33W adapter. It also supports wireless charging at 20W via the company's MagKit technology. It measures 164.35 x 74.6 x 7.75mm and weighs 176g. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Nokia Taps AI Boom With $2.3 Billion Infinera Purchase" ,  Nokia's bid to buy U.S. optical networking gear maker Infinera in a $2.3 billion deal puts the Finnish company on track to gain from the billions of dollars in investment pouring into data centres to cater to the rise of artificial intelligence. The deal would help Nokia to leapfrog Ciena and become the second largest vendor in the optical networking market with a 20% share, behind Huawei, which is benefiting from the minimal presence of Western companies in China. Telecom gear makers, struggling with lower sales of 5G equipment, have been looking for ways to diversify their markets and get into growing areas such as AI. Nokia 220 4G 2024, Nokia 235 4G 2024 Feature Phones Launched in India Nokia's move will allow the company to sell more equipment to big tech companies such as Amazon, Alphabet and Microsoft as they invest billions of dollars in building new data centres to service the artificial intelligence boom. "This is pretty optimal timing for a deal of this nature when you are timing it just before the market is expected to start to recover," Nokia CEO Pekka Lundmark said in an interview with Reuters. "AI is driving significant investments in data centres ... one of the key attractions of this acquisition is that it significantly increases our exposure to data centres," he said. Nokia 3210 Makes a Comeback in India With YouTube, UPI Apps Data centres use optical transport networks - cables made of glass that transmit digital signals - to allow electronic devices to talk to each other. Infinera is especially strong in intra data centre communications, which refers to server-to-server communications inside data centers. This will be one of the fastest growing segments in the overall communications technology market, Lundmark said. Nokia shares rose 4% in morning trade, signaling that the shareholders are bullish about the deal. The share price of buyers would typically ease due to dilution in a cash-and-stock deal. Nokia 215 4G, Nokia 225 4G and Nokia 235 4G Feature Phones Debut: Details Nokia, which will pay 70% of the purchase price in cash and the rest in stock, expects to save 200 million euros ($213.88 million) in costs following the deal's closure next year. While the purchase multiple may be somewhat steep as Infinera had a lumpy growth trajectory, if Nokia could extract the 200 million euros in synergies, then the purchase price would be justified, said Mads Rosendal, analyst at Danske Bank Credit Research. Infinera gets about 60% of its business from the United States, while Nokia had a bigger share in Europe and Asia, making it a complementary transaction, said Lundmark. Nokia 6310, Nokia 5310 and Nokia 230 With Unisoc 6531F SoCs Launched "The two businesses together have combined cost of sales of over 2 billion euros and operating expenses of over a billion euros ... so against that target, 200 million (euros) is not a particular stretch," Lundmark said, adding that it was too early to comment on potential layoffs. © Thomson Reuters 2024 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo Pad 3 With 12.1-Inch LCD Screen, Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 Chip Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  Vivo Pad 3 has been launched in China as the company's latest tablet. It is powered by a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset from Qualcomm, paired with up to 12GB of RAM. The tablet sports a 12.1-inch LCD screen with a 144Hz refresh rate and up to 600 nits peak brightness. The Vivo Pad 3 runs on Android 14 out-of-the-box, along with the company's OriginOS 4 skin. It packs a 10,000mAh battery that can be charged at 44W via a USB Type-C port. Vivo Pad 3 price, availability Vivo Pad 3 price is set at CNY 2,499 (roughly Rs. 28,700) for the base model with 8GB of RAM and 128GB of storage. Meanwhile, three other RAM and storage variants — 8GB+256GB, 12GB+256GB, and 12GB+512GB are priced at CNY 2,799 (roughly Rs. 32,100), CNY 3,099 (roughly Rs. 35,500), CNY 3,399 (roughly Rs. 39,000). Pre-orders are open for the Vivo Pad 3 via the company's website, and the listing reveals that the tablet will be sold in Cold Star Gray, Spring Tide Blue, and Thin Rain Purple (translated from Chinese) colour options. It will go on sale in China on July 5. Vivo T3 Lite 5G With 50-Megapixel Camera Launched in India: See Price Vivo Pad 3 specifications, features The Vivo Pad 3 runs on OriginOS 4, which is based on Android 14. The tablet sports a 12.1-inch (2,800 x 1,968 pixels) LCD screen with a 144Hz refresh rate and 600 nits peak brightness. It is powered by a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chip, paired with up to 12GB of LPDDR5X RAM. It is equipped with a single 8-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel selfie camera. The tablet offers up to 512GB of UFS 4.0 inbuilt storage (the 128GB model features slower UFS 3.1 storage). Vivo Y28s 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC, IP64 Rating Unveiled


Vivo Pad 3 Design, Colourways, RAM and Storage Variants Revealed


Vivo X200 Pro Tipped to Get 1.5K Display, MediaTek Dimensity 9400 SoC The Vivo Pad 3 supports Wi-Fi 6 and Bluetooth 5.4 connectivity and is equipped with a USB 3.2 Gen 1 Type-C port that can be used for data transfers and for charging its 10,000mAh battery at 44W. It measures 266.43x192x6.57mm and weighs 589.2g. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Infinix ZeroBook Ultra With Up to Intel Core Ultra 9 CPU, 100W Fast Charging Launched in India" ,  Infinix ZeroBook Ultra was launched in India on Saturday. The new laptop comes with artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities and is equipped with up to Intel Core Ultra 9 processors. The Infinix ZeroBook Ultra runs on Windows 11 Home out-of-the-box and features a 15.6-inch full-HD+ IPS display. It packs 16GB of LPDDR5 RAM and is backed by a 70Whr battery that can be charged at 100W over a USB Type-C port. Infinix ZeroBook Ultra price in India Infinix ZeroBook Ultra price in India starts at Rs. 59,990 for the model with a Core Ultra 5 processor. The Core Ultra 7 and Core Ultra 9 variants are priced at Rs. 69,990 and Rs. 84,990, respectively. It will be available for purchase via Flipkart on July 10. Flipkart is offering up to Rs. 2,000 off on purchases made using HDFC bank cards. Buyers can avail of up to Rs. 28,000 exchange discount as well. EMI options start at Rs. 2,813 per month. Infinix ZeroBook Ultra specifications The Infinix ZeroBook Ultra runs on Windows 11 Home and features a 15.6-inch full-HD (1,080x1,920 pixels) IPS display with 400 nits of peak brightness and 100 percent sRGB colour gamut coverage. The screen has a 178-degree viewing angle. It is powered by up to Intel Core Ultra 9 processors with Intel Arc graphics. The CPU is paired with up to 32GB of LPDDR5X RAM. This processor is equipped with Intel AI Boost Neural Processing Units (NPU) for performing AI-based tasks. The laptop is claimed to deliver 60fps for gaming. For thermal management, the Infinix ZeroBook Ultra uses an ICE Storm 2.0 cooling system. It features two USB 3.0 ports, two USB Type-C ports, an SD card slot, a 3.5mm audio jack and an HDMI 1.4 port. The laptop offers Bluetooth 5.3 and Wi-Fi 6E connectivity. The laptop is equipped with a full-HD webcam for video calls. This camera provides AI-based BeautyCam enhancements with the help of the Mi-Pi protocol. It has two microphones and includes dual 2W microphones with DTS audio processing. Further, it has a backlit chiclet keyboard. The Infinix ZeroBook Ultra houses a 70Wh battery that offers fast charging support using 100W adapter. The battery is claimed to deliver up to 13 hours of 1080p video playback or up to 10 hours of web browsing. It has a 16.9mm thick body.    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vodafone Idea (Vi) Announces Increase in Prepaid, Postpaid Plan Prices From July 4 After Airtel, Jio Hike Tariffs" ,  Vodafone Idea (Vi) on Friday announced that it was hiking the prices of its mobile tariffs in India. The beleaguered telecom operator followed rivals Reliance Jio and Airtel, which both announced higher prices for their prepaid recharge plans and postpaid plans on Thursday and Friday, respectively. All three carriers are looking to raising their average revenue per user (ARPU) while increasing profits and recouping expenditure on 5G network infrastructure over the past couple of years. Vi prepaid recharge plan price increase Just like Airtel and Reliance Jio, customers who opt for a prepaid recharge plan from Vi will soon have to pay higher prices to access the same data and calling benefits as their existing plan. It is worth noting that while Vi's most expensive annual recharge plan, offers a lower daily data allowance compared to Airtel and Jio, but is cheaper by Rs. 100. All the plans that offer a daily data allowance (with the exception of the Rs. 299 plan) offer unlimited data between 12am and 6am, as well as weekend data rollover, according to the operator. Airtel Hikes Prices of Prepaid and Postpaid Plans by Up to 20 Percent In order to remain competitive with its biggest rivals, Vi has had to keep its prices on par with their recently updated tariffs. Airtel announced on Friday that it had to ensure that its ARPU had to exceed Rs. 300 in order for the telecom operator in order to recover spending on 5G networks and ensure the carrier incurs enough profit. Old Price New Price Data Allowance Validity (Days)     179 199 2GB 28   459 509 6GB 84   1799 1999 24GB 365   269 299 1GB per day 28   299 349 1.5GB per day 28   319 379 2GB per day 30   479 579 1.5GB per day 56   539 649 2GB per day 56   719 859 1.5GB per day 84   839 979 2GB per day 84   2899 3499 1.5GB per day 365   19 (Data add-on) 22 1GB 1   39 (Data add-on) 48 6GB 1 Vi postpaid plan price hike Customers who have a postpaid plan will also have to pay an additional amount every month once the revised tariffs go into effect. The Rs. 401 plan with 50GB of data will soon be priced at Rs. 451, while the Rs. 501 plan with 90GB of monthly data will cost Rs. 551. Both these plans offer unlimited data usage at night, along with access to some over-the-top (OTT) services. Similarly, the Family plans with two and four lines are also set to get more expensive, according to the operator. The plan with two lines (offering 70GB of data for the first number and 40 GB of data for the second) will cost Rs. 701, up from Rs. 601. The four line plan (with 140GB for the primary number and 40GB of data each for the secondary numbers) currently costs Rs. 1,001, and will cost Rs. 1,201 when the new tariffs are introduced. Jio Announces Price Hike for Prepaid, Postpaid Plans Starting July 3


BSNL Reportedly Suffers Major Data Breach Affecting Millions of Users


Telecom Operators Said to Be Testing Caller ID Services in These Areas Vi price hike effective from July 4 The operator is yet to update these new prices on its website, just like rivals Airtel and Jio. According to Vodafone Idea, the new prices for Vi prepaid recharge plans will be effective from July 4. Prepaid customers will see the updated pricing when they recharge their phone number after that date, while postpaid customers will see the new plans when their next monthly bill arrives. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "US, India Extend Digital Tax Truce to June 30 as Deadline Approaches" ,  The United States and India have extended a standstill agreement on U.S. retaliation over India's digital-services tax until Sunday, aligning it with a fast-approaching deadline for a global deal to reallocate taxing rights on the world's biggest and most profitable companies, the U.S. Treasury said on Friday. In a brief announcement, the Treasury said that a November 2021 political compromise that expired March 31 would be extended through the end of the month, as negotiations on the "Pillar 1" tax agreement continue. The Pillar 1 deal is in danger of collapse, as the U.S., India and China have failed to agree on key elements of the deal related to calculation of transfer pricing to help determine local tax liabilities. The stakes of the last-minute negotiations are high. The deal's failure could prompt several countries to reinstate their taxes on U.S. tech giants such as Apple, Alphabet's Google, and Amazon.com and risk punitive duties on billions of dollars in exports to the U.S. The extension of the U.S.-India agreement also aligns it with the expiration of similar deals with six other countries that had enacted digital-services taxes: Austria, Britain, France, Italy, Spain and Turkey. These countries suspended their digital-services taxes shortly after a two-pillar tax deal was struck in October 2021 by nearly 140 countries to impose a 15% global minimum corporate income tax and complete negotiation on reallocating some taxing rights on large multinationals to countries where they sell goods and services. This was meant to replace the digital-services taxes. At the same time, the U.S. Trade Representative's office agreed to suspend planned trade retaliation against the digital taxes while negotiations were completed. U.S. negotiations are being led by the Treasury, where a spokesperson declined to comment on the state of negotiations. A USTR spokesperson also declined to comment on next steps, but added: "As we've said previously, we oppose digital-services taxes that unfairly target U.S. companies and the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework negotiations offer the best path to address the challenges that digitalization of the economy poses to the international tax system." Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen told Reuters at a G7 finance meeting in May that India and China were hindering agreement on the alternative transfer-pricing mechanism known as "Amount B," but that talks were continuing. Italy's finance minister also blamed the U.S. demands for the inability to agree on terms. Italy is seeking an extension of the U.S. standstill agreement and sources told Reuters earlier on Friday that Italy has asked Google to pay $1 billion in unpaid taxes. © Thomson Reuters 2024 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OpenAI Develops CriticGPT Model Capable of Spotting GPT-4 Code Generation Errors" ,  OpenAI published a study about a new artificial intelligence (AI) model on Thursday that can catch GPT-4's mistakes in code generation. The AI firm stated that the new chatbot was trained using the reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF) framework and was powered by one of the GPT-4 models. The under-development chatbot was designed to improve the quality of the AI-generated code that users get from the large language models. At present, the model is not available to users or testers. OpenAI also highlighted several limitations of the model. OpenAI Shares Details about CriticGPT The AI firm shared details of the new CriticGPT model in a blog post, stating that it was based on GPT-4 and designed to identify errors in code generated by ChatGPT. "We found that when people get help from CriticGPT to review ChatGPT code they outperform those without help 60 percent of the time,” the company claims. The model was developed using the RLHF framework and the findings have been published in a paper. RLHF is a machine learning technique that combines machine output with humans to train AI systems. In such a system, human evaluators provide feedback to the AI's performance. This is used to adjust and improve the model's behaviour. Humans who provide feedback to the AI are called AI trainers. OpenAI’s Advanced Voice Mode Feature for ChatGPT Has Been Delayed CriticGPT was trained on a large volume of code data that contained errors. The AI model was tasked with finding these mistakes and to critique the code. For this, AI trainers were asked to write the mistakes in the code on top of the naturally occuring mistakes, and then write example feedback as if they had caught those errors. Once the CriticGPT shared its multiple variations of its critique, the trainers were asked to spot if the errors they inserted was caught by the AI alongside the naturally occurring errors. OpenAI, in its research, found that CriticGPT performed 63 percent better than ChatGPT in catching errors. However, the model still has certain limitations. CriticGPT was trained on short strings of code generated by OpenAI. The model is yet to be trained on long and complex sets of tasks. The AI firm also found that the new chatbot continues to hallucinate (generate incorrect factual responses). Further, the model has not been tested in scenarios where multiple errors are dispersed in the code. OpenAI's ChatGPT App for macOS Now Available For All Users


Apple Reportedly Exploring Partnership With Meta for AI Features This model is unlikely to be made public as it is designed to help OpenAI better understand training techniques that can generate higher quality outputs. If CriticGPT does make it to public, it is believed to be integrated within ChatGPT. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Bolivia Reverses Bitcoin Ban, Legalises Crypto Transactions for Banks" ,  The central bank of Bolivia has decided to lift a ban on payments using Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies imposed in 2014. The country is aiming to balance its economy, while modernising its payment systems. Bolivia has become the latest Latin American country to take a pro-crypto stance, even though Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies are yet to be recognised as legal tender in the region. The central bank will also allow banks to make crypto transactions — a restriction that was implemented in 2020. Bolivia's new stance on cryptocurrency and crypto transactions In a statement issued on Wednesday, the Banco Central de Bolilvia announced that it was reversing its ban on cryptocurrency payments in the country, including Bitcoin transactions. The decision was made in collaboration with the Financial System Supervisory Authority (Autoridad de Supervisión del Sistema Financiero) and the Financial Investigation Unit (Unidad de Investigaciones Financieras). According to Statista, the national debt in Bolivia is projected to increase by $21.2 billion (roughly Rs. 1,76,746 crore) between 2024 and 2029 . RBI Mentions DeFi, Crypto Regulation in Latest Financial Stability Report The Bolivian bank has decided to let banks use approved electronic channels and facilitate crypto payments. While Bolivia's central bank has yet to recognise Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies as legal tender, allowing these transactions could fetch the country more in remittances since cross border crypto transactions are instant and typically free of charge. In addition, Bolivia has been taking steps to reduce its reliance on the US dollar, especially after back-to-back interest rate hikes in recent months announced by the US Fed to cope with the post-pandemic economic slump. In July 2023, Bolivia reportedly challenged the dominance of the US dollar by turning focus to the Chinese yuan and the Russian ruble. Louisiana Joins Increasing List of US States that Support Crypto Mining Other countries in Latin America doubling down on crypto El Salvador became the first in the world to legalise Bitcoin as a legitimate currency back in September 2021. Salvadoran president Nayib Bukele is continuing efforts to convert the country into a completely pro-BTC region, rife for crypto-related businesses to set up shops in. Brazil is another country that has taken pro-crypto steps in recent years.




title = "Character.AI Introduces Character Calls Feature That Lets Users 'Call' AI Chatbots" ,  Character.AI on Thursday introduced a new feature that will let users "call" a chatbot. These AI chatbots, also known as Characters, can be programmed to behave as a real person or a fictional entity. With this feature, users can make phone calls over the app and have conversations that simulate a real telephonic conversation. The artificial intelligence (AI) platform says that the feature will support multiple languages such as English, Spanish, Japanese, Chinese, and more. Notably, Arc Search released a similar feature last month. Character.AI Releases Character Calls Feature In a blog post, the AI firm announced that the Character Calls feature will be available to all users for free. However, the feature is currently only available on the app, and users will not find it on the website at present. In March, the company introduced a Character Voice feature, which was a one-way communication with the characters. With this, users would text the AI, and it would respond back verbally. This was done using the AI model's text-to-speech (TTS) capabilities. Now, with Character Calls, users can initiate a two-way verbal communication. This would allow users to have a hands-free experience of chatting with an AI character. Google Translate Will Now Support 110 New Languages Placing calls on Character.AI With the new interface, users will see a call screen interface when starting a voice conversation with a chatbot. The screen comes with a mute button and an end call option. The company says the Character Calls feature will offer a lower latency to generate faster responses. Users will also be able to choose from different voices, pitches, accents, and personalities. Character.AI said that the chatbots will support multiple languages such as English, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Korean, Japanese, and Chinese. There will also be an option to seamlessly switch between voice and text calls. The chatbot will keep the context of the conversation even after switching. Lenovo Introduces Energy Efficiency-Focused AI Solutions for Enterprises


Realme VP Chase Xu Says All Future Smartphone Models Will Have AI Features After the call is ended, users will be able to see a full transcript of the call which is stored within the chat interface to serve as an easy reference point for the next conversation. Character.AI also stated that the feature will also be introduced on the web in the future. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "CMF Phone 1 Specifications Revealed Ahead of Launch on July 8; to Feature MediaTek Dimensity 7300 Chipset" ,  CMF Phone 1 is set to make its debut on July 8 alongside the CMF Buds Pro 2 and CMF Watch Pro 2. The Nothing sub-brand is actively sharing teasers about the components used in its upcoming handset, which is expected to arrive in the competitive budget segment. Most recently, CMF has disclosed the chipset of the CMF Phone 1 — it will be powered by a new MediaTek Dimensity processor. The upcoming phone will feature 8GB of RAM. It is already confirmed to ship with a 6.67-inch AMOLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate. CMF Phone 1 chipset, memory details confirmed In a post on X (formerly Twitter), the company confirmed that the CMF Phone 1 will be powered by MediaTek Dimensity 7300 5G SoC. This newly launched octa-core chipset is claimed to have outperformed the Snapdragon 782G, Dimensity 7050 and Snapdragon 6 Gen 1 chipsets on the AnTuTu benchmark test with 673,000 points. The Dimensity 7300 chipset is based on TSMC's 4nm Gen 2 process and features four performance cores with a peak clock speed of 2.5GHz. The presence of this chipset will bring Bluetooth 5.3, Wi-Fi 6, and dual 5G connectivity options on the forthcoming phone. It will also support 4K video recording. CMF Phone 1 Could Feature a Removable Back Plate, Teaser Suggests The CMF Phone 1 is also confirmed to arrive with 8GB of RAM. The onboard memory can be virtually 'expanded' up to 16GB with CMF's RAM Booster technology that uses unutilised storage on the handset. CMF Phone 1 launch details The upcoming CMF Phone 1 is scheduled to launch on July 8 alongside the new CMF Buds Pro 2 and Watch Pro 2. The launch event will begin at 2:30pm IST and the phone will be available for purchase via Flipkart. It is already confirmed to sport a 6.67-inch AMOLED display with a 120Hz adaptive refresh rate, HDR10+ support and a peak brightness of 2,000 nits. As per past leaks, the CMF Phone 1 will have a dual rear camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor. It could get a 16-megapixel selfie camera and IP52-rated build. It is expected to be priced under Rs. 20,000. Nothing CEO Carl Pei Reveals Nothing OS 3.0 Features, Release Date   




title = "Truecaller Fraud Insurance Launched in India for iOS and Android Users" ,  Truecaller announced an insurance protection plan to protect users against mobile frauds on Thursday. The plan, dubbed Truecaller Fraud Insurance, is being offered to the paid subscribers of the app on both Android and iOS. The new plan is currently only available in India, and will be rolled out in other regions later. The caller ID platform has partnered with HDFC Ergo to offer the insurance protections to users in India. Notably, the company rolled out artificial intelligence (AI) Call Scanner feature last month to prevent AI-based voice scams. Truecaller Fraud Insurance In a newsroom post, the company said, “Truecaller is today announcing the launch of Truecaller Fraud Insurance. The product is offered to premium subscribers and will initially be launched in India for iOS and Android users.” Announcing the insurance product, it highlighted that it was introduced to safeguard Truecaller users from online fraud and scams. The Truecaller Fraud Protection is being offered in partnership with HDFC Ergo, an insurance company in India which is a joint venture of HDFC and ERGO International. Under the plan, users will be insured for a total sum of Rs. 10,000. This fraud coverage is integrated within the app and users will be able to activate it once they opt in. The company did not share any details about the circumstances where the insurance can be claimed, or the evidence users will have to share in order to get the covered sum. Truecaller Rolls Out a Feature That Could Help You Detect AI Voice Scams However, the feature will not be available to all. While the company mentioned that it is only for the Premium subscribers, the product will be offered only to its annual subscribers. Those who are not eligible this way will be given an option to upgrade their plan to get the benefits. Truecaller, Microsoft Join Hands to Bring Personal Voice to AI Assistant


Truecaller Introduces Web Interface With These Two Handy Features The company also highlighted that subscribers of certain plans will get the Truecaller Fraud Insurance for free of cost. Finally, the Truecaller Family subscribers can opt to expand the protection to all of the members. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Oppo Reno 12F 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC, 5,000mAh Battery Unveiled: Specifications" ,  Oppo has introduced the Reno 12F 5G as a close sibling of the Oppo Reno 12 and Oppo Reno 12 Pro. The new Reno 12 series phone comes in two colourways and runs on MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC paired with 12GB RAM and 512GB storage onboard. It ships with several AI features like AI Recording Summary, AI Summary for text, AI Writer, and AI Speak. A 5,000mAh battery, 45W charging support, and an IP64-rated build are the other key highlights of the Oppo Reno 12F 5G. The Chinese tech brand has not revealed the price and availability details of Oppo Reno 12F 5G. It is currently listed on Oppo's global website in Amber Orange and Olive Green colour options. To recall, the Oppo Reno 12 is priced at EUR 499.99 (roughly Rs. 44,700) and Oppo Reno 12 Pro costs EUR 599.99 (roughly Rs. 53,700) for the 12GB + 256GB option. Oppo A3 Launch Set for July 2: See Design, Colour Options Oppo Reno 12F 5G specifications The dual-SIM (Nano) Oppo Reno 12F runs on ColorOS 14.0 and sports a 6.67-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,400 pixels) OLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate, 92.2 percent screen-to-body ratio, 394ppi pixel density, and 1,200nits of peak brightness. The screen has AGC DT-Star 2 glass protection. It runs on an octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset paired with 12GB of LPDDR4X RAM and 512GB of UFS2.2 storage. It also gets the Oppo AI suite including AI Recording Summary, AI Summary for text, AI Writer, and AI Speak. On the camera front, the Oppo Reno 12F 5G has a triple rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor with OIS (optical image stabilisation) alongside an 8-megapixel wide-angle camera and a 2-megapixel macro sensor. On the front, the phone gets a 32-megapixel shooter. Like the Oppo Reno 12 and Oppo Reno 12 Pro, this model also features AI-based camera features like AI Best Face, AI Eraser 2.0, AI Studio, and AI Clear Face. The handset has an IP64-rated build. Connectivity options on the Oppo Reno 12F 5G include 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/, Bluetooth 5.3, Beidou, Glonass, Galileo, GPS, NFC, and USB Type-C port. Sensors onboard include an accelerometer, colour temperature sensor, gravity sensor, geomagnetic sensor, IR control, proximity sensor, and optical sensor. It includes a fingerprint sensor for authentication and supports face recognition. Oppo Confirms Reno 12 5G Series Coming Soon to India With AI Features The Oppo Reno 12F 5G houses a 5,000mAh battery with 45W charging support. The fast charging adapter is said to fill the battery from zero to 100 percent in 71 minutes. Ten minutes of charging is claimed to deliver up to 6.2 hours of talk time and up to 5.05 hours of video playback time.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Translate Adds Support for 110 New Languages With the Assistance of AI" ,  Google Translate received a big upgrade on Thursday and will now support an additional 110 languages. The new languages were added with the assistance of artificial intelligence (AI). The tech giant used its in-house PaLM 2 large language model (LLM), and it was particularly effective in learning those languages that were related to each other or were a regional dialect of a language. Among the new additions, Indian regional languages Awadhi and Marwadi have also been added to Google Translate. Google Translate gets 110 new languages In a blog post, the company said it is the largest expansion Google Translate has ever received. Earlier, the translation tool supported a total of 133 languages. After the expansion, the number goes up to 243 languages. In November 2022, Google announced its 1,000-language initiative. Under the initiative, the company committed to building AI models to support the 1,000 most spoken languages around the world. The 110 new languages are part of that initiative. Lenovo Introduces Energy Efficiency-Focused AI Solutions for Enterprises To choose the new languages, Google prioritised the most commonly used varieties of each language. Citing an example, it said when considering the language Romani which has many dialects across Europe, the AI model picked the Southern Vlax Romani language, which is a commonly used variety online. The choice was also dictated by the availability of text on which the AI model could be trained. Realme VP Chase Xu Says All Future Smartphone Models Will Have AI Features


YouTube Said to Be In Discussions With Record Labels For AI Deals Some of the notable new additions are as follows. Cantonese has finally been added. Google says it was one of the most requested languages for Google Translate. Afar, a tonal language spoken in Djibouti, Eritrea, and Ethiopia was also added after the company found volunteer community contributions. Notably, one-fourth of the total new languages are from Africa. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "RBI Releases Financial Stability Report With Mention of DeFi, US Efforts to Regulate Crypto Sector" ,  The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has published its latest Financial Stability Report (FSR) that outlines important events that have recently taken place in the national and international banking and fintech sector. The domain of decentralised finance (DeFi) earned a brief mention in RBI's report wherein the central bank, discussed the focus of global bodies on developments in the sector. The RBI has also touched upon efforts by the US to regulate the crypto sector. RBI's FSR report mentions DeFi technology In its FSR report, the RBI acknowledged that digital financial systems have seen adoption around the world, leading to the creation of newer business models and financial distribution channels. The advanced technologies of distributed ledger (blockchain), cloud computing, artificial intelligence (AI), and machine learning (ML), as per the RBI, have shown to have pertinent implications for financial systems around the world. Binance Tightens Oversight of Its Services, Offers Rewards for Reporting Misuse Talking in particular about DeFi, the report said that global regulatory bodies like the Financial Action Task Force and the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) are constantly examining developments around DeFi. These global financial whistleblowers are concerned that a rapid growth in DeFi could have effects on the broader asset market and subsequently on the global financial stability. US efforts to regulate the crypto sector The central bank notes that the US government is attempting to create a regulatory framework for digital assets, in the form of the Financial Innovation and Technology for the 21st Century Act (FIT21) legislation. The FIT21 Act is expected to and empower the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) to oversee digital assets, venues and entities. As per the RBI, the FIT21 Act is also expected to ensure market certainty, while granting some form of recognition to digital assets in the country. The RBI report also touches upon the US SEC's decision to approve the trading of exchange traded products (ETPs) for select cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ether ETFs. Binance-Backed CoralApp Is Launching an AI, Web3-Powered Smartphone On the other hand, India's central bank has expressed concerns around the rising number of cybercrimes connected with the crypto sector on an international level. “Ransomware crypto payments, business email compromises and cost of data breaches surged to a new high during 2023. The financial sector has reported over 20,000 cyber intrusions and digital attacks, which resulted in losses amounting to US$ 20 billion over the last 20 years. Furthermore, cyberattacks are found to swell during periods of political and economic uncertainty such as geopolitical tensions, with disruptive consequences,” the report noted. RBI's stance on crypto in India appears to be unchanged The RBI has repeatedly said it prefers that crypto be banned in the country. Since cryptocurrencies allow anonymity in transactions, the central bank is concerned that crypto assets could be exploited for illicit activities like terror financing and money laundering. The crypto sector also gives people more control over their funds and eliminates the need for intermediaries like banks to process financial transactions, which threatens the monopoly of central banks on their respective financial systems. Even so, the DeFi sector was mentioned once in RBI's report, and industry members in the country are already hopeful about the future of the fintech sector in India. “The RBI released its half-yearly Financial Stability Report (FSR) today. There is very little in there for the crypto asset sector, which could be both good, or bad, depending on which way one looks at it! There is no specific negative commentary on financial stability risks from digital assets, which could again mean something, or nothing, depending on which way one looks at this,” said R Venkatesh, Head of Public Policy, CoinSwitch as commenting on the development. The latest report appears to reaffirm the RBI's unwillingness to accept cryptocurrencies as legitimate modes of payments in the country in the near future.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Watch 2 With eSIM Connectivity, 1.43-Inch Display Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  OnePlus Watch 2 was launched in India earlier this year and now the wearable debuted in China with a few design tweaks and eSIM connectivity. It features a 1.43-inch AMOLED display and runs on Snapdragon W5 Gen 1 chipset alongside the BES2700 chip. It is offered in two colour options and is backed by a 500mAh battery. The OnePlus Watch 2 offer over 100 sports modes and has an IP68-rated build. The OnePlus Watch 2 was launched alongside the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro and OnePlus Pad Pro. OnePlus Watch 2 price The OnePlus Watch 2 is priced at CNY 1,799 (roughly Rs. 20,650). It comes in Meteorite Black and Nebula Green colours and is currently available for pre-order through the company website in China. The delivery of the smartwatch will begin on July 3. In India, the OnePlus Watch 2 was unveiled in Black Steel and Radiant Steel shades with a price tag of Rs. 24,999. OnePlus Pad Pro With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Chipset Launched at This Price OnePlus Watch 2 specifications The China variant of the OnePlus Watch 2 runs on ColorOS Watch 6.0 and is compatible with devices running on Android 8.0 or later, as well as iOS 13.0 and later. It features a 1.43-inch (466x466 pixels) AMOLED display with 326ppi pixel density and up to 1,000 peak brightness. The screen has a default brightness of 600nits. The smartwatch runs on Snapdragon W5 Gen 1 chipset, paired with a BES2700 chip. It includes 2GB RAM and 32GB storage. Besides Bluetooth calling, the new OnePlus Watch 2 comes with eSIM support to let users make and receive phone calls directly on the wrist without their mobile phone. It offers Bluetooth 5.3, Beidou, GPS, Galileo, GLONASS, QZSS, Wi-Fi and NFC connectivity options. For fitness enthusiasts, the wearable has more than 100 sports modes. It can provide health-focused features such as SpO2 monitoring, and heart rate tracking among others. Like the original OnePlus Watch, the OnePlus Watch 2 also has an IP68-certified build that comes with 5ATM water resistance. It houses a 500mAh battery and is touted to deliver up to 2.5 days of playtime and up to 12 days of standby time on a single charge. The wearable is said to last up to 24 hours with a charging time of just 12 minutes. It weighs about 59 grams. OnePlus Watch Review: Anticlimactic   




title = "Oppo A3 Launch Date Set for July 2; Design, Colour Options Teased Ahead of Debut" ,  Oppo A3 is set to launch in China next week, and the smartphone brand has begun to tease the design of the upcoming A series device on Weibo. The official images of the Oppo A3 reveal a similar design to that of the Oppo A3 Pro that went official in April in China. The upcoming phone has a flat display with a hole punch cutout. It is confirmed to be offered in three colour options. The Oppo A3 is likely to run on Qualcomm's Snapdragon chipset and feature a 6.7-inch display. Oppo A3 launch date The upcoming Oppo A3 will be unveiled on July 2 in China at 2:30pm (12:00pm IST) and the company has started accepting pre-orders for the phone via its official website and other online channels like JD, Tmall and Douyin. It is confirmed to be available in Mountain Stream Green, Aurora Purple, and Quiet Sea Black (translated from Chinese) colours. The official images show a flat display on the Oppo A3 with a hole punch cutout in the centre. Oppo is highlighting the durability of the device in the latest teasers. The straight screen and curved middle frame of the phone is claimed to be more resistant to falls. It is said to be the first phone to be equipped with Oppo's Crystal Shield glass and has a 7.15mm thick profile. Oppo Confirms Reno 12 5G Series Coming Soon to India With AI Features Oppo A3 specifications (Rumoured) Oppo has not revealed any specifications of the upcoming Oppo A3 model, but recent leaks have suggested that it will debut with a 6.7-inch display and a dual rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel main camera and a 2-megapixel sensor. It could get an 8-megapixel selfie shooter and a 5,000mAh battery. Oppo A3 Pro With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC Unveiled in India: See Price Meanwhile, Qualcomm's Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC or the much older Snapdragon 695 is expected to power the Oppo A3. It could be offered in 8GB and 12GB RAM options and 256GB and 512GB storage options. More details about the handset will be revealed by the smartphone maker in the days leading up to its debut. 




title = "Lava Blaze X India Launch Teased; Live Images of a Lava Blaze Model Leaked" ,  Lava Blaze X will soon be launched in India. The company has posted a teaser for an upcoming Blaze X handset but is yet to provide a launch timeline. Meanwhile, a purported live image of a new Lava smartphone has surfaced online. This is claimed to be a Lava Blaze series model, but the complete moniker is currently unknown. The leaked image shows the design of the back panel of the purported handset, which could be the company's next handset to debut in the country. Lava Blaze X India launch Lava India has shared a series of teasers hinting at the imminent launch of a new smartphone. The first image shows side profile images of the handset, in black shades, arranged in the shape of the letter '. It reveals that the handset is equipped with a curved display and a slightly raised rear camera module. The volume rocker and the power buttons are also seen on the right edge of the phone. We heard you, and turned up the Xraze! 😉#ComingSoon#LavaMobiles #ProudlyIndian pic.twitter.com/rZOBhQSy7m— Lava Mobiles (@LavaMobile) June 27, 2024 Hold on tight, the ride is about to get Xrazier!#ComingSoon#LavaMobiles #ProudlyIndian pic.twitter.com/tTmnrmlau9— Lava Mobiles (@LavaMobile) June 27, 2024 A second teaser image from the phone shares a top view of the upcoming Lava smartphone. In this one, four handsets, all from the same angle and the same beige colourway, have been arranged to read like the letter X yet again. This view shows that the phone will feature a centred circular rear camera module. Meanwhile, a microsite for the handset on Amazon confirms the moniker "Blaze X". We can expect the launch date for the Lava Blaze X to be announced in the coming days. Lava Blaze Curve 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 7050 SoC Debuts at This Price Lava Blaze phone design leaked A live image of an upcoming Lava Blaze handset has been leaked by 91Mobiles. The rear panel of the handset is shown to feature a centre-aligned, round camera module. Since the publication did not reveal the name of the handset, we do not know whether it is the Lava Blaze X. However, the design and the colour options suggest that the leaked handset could be the upcoming Blaze handset.  Leaked hands-on image of a Lava Blaze handsetPhoto Credit: 91Mobiles  Lava Blaze 2 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6020 SoC Debuts at This Price


Lava Yuva 5G With Unisoc T750 5G SoC Debuts in India The leaked image suggests that the Lava Blaze X could feature a 64-megapixel dual rear camera system alongside an LED flash unit. The camera island is black as opposed to the beige shade of the rest of the back panel. The engraving towards the bottom of the panel also confirms the handset's 5G connectivity.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Pad Pro With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Chipset, 12.1-Inch Display Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  OnePlus Pad Pro was launched in China on Thursday alongside the company's latest OnePlus Ace 3 Pro handset. The new tablet runs on Android 14 and features a 12.1-inch 3K resolution display with 144Hz refresh rate. It is powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC from Qualcomm coupled with a maximum of 16GB of RAM. The OnePlus Pad Pro comes with upgrades over the original OnePlus Pad and OnePlus Pad Go. It carries a 9,510mAh battery with support for 67W fast charging. It is offered in four RAM and storage options. OnePlus Pad Pro price OnePlus Pad Pro price is set at CNY 2,899 (roughly Rs. 34,000) for the 8GB + 128GB RAM and storage model. The 8GB + 256GB and 12GB + 256GB configurations are priced at CNY 3,099 (roughly Rs. 36,000) and 3,399 (roughly Rs. 40,000), respectively. The top-of-the-line version with 16GB of RAM and 512GB of storage is priced at CNY 3,799 (roughly Rs. 44,000). It is offered in Khaki Green and Space Gray colourways. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, 6,100mAh Battery Debuts The OnePlus Pad Pro is currently up for pre-orders in China and shipments are scheduled to begin on July 3. OnePlus is tipped to unveil the tablet as the OnePlus Pad 2 in international markets. OnePlus Pad Pro specifications The newly announced OnePlus Pad Pro runs on Android 14 with ColorOS 14 and sports a 12.1-inch 3K (2,120x3,200 pixels) display with 144Hz refresh rate, 7:5 aspect ratio, 303ppi pixel density, 900 nits peak brightness and 540Hz touch sampling rate. The TUV Rheinland 3.0-certified screen has Dolby Vision support. As mentioned, the new OnePlus tablet is powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset, along with up to 16GB LPDDR5X RAM and up to 512GB UFS 4.0 storage. For optics, the OnePlus Pad Pro has a 13-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel selfie shooter. It has quad stereo speakers. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and NFC. The tablet also has a USB Type-C port for charging and data transfers. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite Review The OnePlus Pad Pro is equipped with a 9,510mAh battery with support for 67W SuperVOOC fast charging. It has a thickness of 6.49mm and weighs 584g, according to the company. 




title = "Crypto Price Today: Bitcoin, Ether Prices Fluctuate as Biden vs Trump Debate Skips Mention of Crypto, Analyst Says" ,  Bitcoin opened with a minor price loss on Friday, and the world's most widely used crypto asset is presently trading at $61,637 (roughly Rs. 51.4 lakh) on international exchanges like CoinMarketCap, after incurring a loss of 0.23 percent. On national exchanges such as WazirX and CoinSwitch however, the value of BTC stood much higher at $66,863 (roughly Rs. 55.8 lakh). Macro-economic factors have always played a vital role in setting the temperament for the crypto market on a global level. Despite expectations from crypto investors, US President Joe Biden and Donald Trump didn't mention cryptocurrencies during their televised debate on Thursday, leading to volatility on the crypto price charts and experts predict more upheaval in the coming days. “In a notable shift, Bitcoin posted gains as optimism swelled ahead of the anticipated Biden vs. Trump debate, with investors expecting cryptocurrency to be a focal point. However, the absence of any mention of crypto during the debate has led to concerns over potential impact for Bitcoin prices, possibly dampening industry enthusiasm. Bitcoin is entrenched in oversold territory, indicating a prolonged bearish sentiment. Market analysts predict this phase of stagnation could extend for a few more weeks,” Rajagopal Menon, Vice President, WazirX told Gadgets360. Similarly, Ether was impacted by a minor 0.09 percent drop in value on Friday. It is currently trading at $3,448 (roughly Rs. 2.87 lakh) on international exchanges and at $3,701 (roughly Rs. 3.09 lakh) on national ones, as per the Gadgets360 crypto price tracker. Delta Exchange Launches in India, Brings Options Trading for Crypto Assets “The forthcoming launch of the Ethereum ETF on July 4 is seen as a potential game-changer, with projections of Ethereum prices climbing above $5,000 (roughly Rs. 4.17 lakh),” Menon added. Cryptocurrencies that managed to log minor gains on Friday include Binance Coin, Dogecoin, Cardano, and Avalanche. Solana managed to see profits of 6.24 percent on Friday – which is substantially higher than other cryptocurrencies. At the time of writing, Solana was trading at $145 (roughly Rs. 12,139). Binance-Backed CoralApp Is Launching an AI, Web3-Powered Smartphone “With the first Solana ETF application from VanEck, the SOL ecosystem saw a collective rise and the number of traders increasing by 30 percent. SOL may become the 3rd major crypto asset after BTC and ETH to have its ETF, thanks to its recent growth. Several Solana memecoins also resulted in gains. Some of these memecois include BOME, which rose 15 percent with an 80 percent increase in traders, and WEN, which rose 15.5 percent with a 25 percent increase in traders,” said Ryan Lee, Chief Analyst at Bitget Research. Meanwhile, cryptocurrencies that registered losses on Friday include Tron, Near Protocol, Underdog, and Status. As per CoinMarketCap, the overall crypto market rose in valuation by 1.39 percent in the last 24 hours. With this, the market cap of the crypto sector has come to $2.28 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,90,32,984 crore).  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Ace 3 Pro With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, 6,100mAh Battery Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  OnePlus Ace 3 Pro was launched in China on Thursday. The handset is equipped with a 50-megapixel triple rear camera system and is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. It also packs a 6,100mAh Glacier battery with support for 100W wired fast charging. The phone comes with up to 24GB RAM and up to 1TB onboard storage. The smartphone joins the OnePlus Ace 3 and Ace 3V, which were introduced earlier this year in January and March, respectively. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro price The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro starts in China at CNY 3,199 (roughly Rs. 36,700) for the 12GB + 256GB option. Meanwhile, the 16GB + 256GB, 16GB + 512GB, and 24GB + 1TB variants are priced at CNY 3,499 (roughly Rs. 40,200), CNY 3,799 (roughly Rs. 43,600), and CNY 4,399 (roughly Rs. 50,500), respectively. These prices are for the green and titanium versions only. The handset is offered in three shades - Green Field Blue, Supercar Porcelain Collector's Edition, and Titanium Mirror Silver (translated from Chinese). OnePlus Ace 3 With Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC, 5,500mAh Battery Debuts The Supercar Porcelain Collector's Edition variant of the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is listed with two RAM and storage configurations - CNY 3,999 (roughly Rs. 45,900) and CNY 4,599 (roughly Rs. 52,800) for the 16GB + 512GB and 24GB + 1TB options, respectively. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro specifications, features The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro sports a 6.78-inch 1.5K (2,780 x 1,264 pixels) 3D curved AMOLED screen with up to 120Hz refresh rate, 4,500nits of local peak brightness level, and Corning Gorilla Glass Victus 2 protection. It is powered by an octa-core Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset paired with up to 24GB of LPDDR5X RAM and up to 1TB of UFS 4.0 onboard storage. The phone ships with Android 14-based ColorOS 14.1. OnePlus Ace 3V With Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 SoC Launched: See Price For optics, the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is equipped with a triple rear camera unit which includes a 50-megapixel primary sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) alongside an 8-megapixel sensor paired with an ultra-wide angle lens, and a 2-megapixel macro shooter. The phone gets a 16-megapixel front camera. The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is backed by a 6,100mAh Glacier battery with 100W wired fast charging support. The OnePlus Glacier battery technology is claimed to use a new self-developed high-capacity bionic silicon-carbon material. It is claimed to offer a 22 percent increased battery capacity with a reduced size over the previous generation cells. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite Review The phone also supports 5G, dual 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 7, Bluetooth 5.4, Beidou, GPS, GLONASS, Galileo, QZSS, NFC and USB Type-C connectivity. It comes with an IP65 rating for dust and splash resistance.   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Jio Announces Price Hike for Prepaid, Postpaid Plans by Up to Rs. 600 Starting July 3" ,  Reliance Jio has increased the prices of select daily, monthly, and annual prepaid and postpaid recharge plans. The brand has limited the 5G unlimited data facility to customers with plans with 2GB of data per day or more. The Reliance-owned telecom company has announced a series of new unlimited plans set to come into effect on July 3. The new tariff plans start from Rs. 189 and goes up till Rs. 3,599. The base plan offers 2GB daily data for 28 days while the latter offers 2.5GB per day for 365 days. While the prices of Reliance Jio's prepaid and postpaid plans have been hiked, the benefits continue to remain the same. The telecom company says that the new plans will come into effect from July 3. The existing premium annual recharge plan of Rs. 2,999 has been revised to Rs. 3,599. The pack continues to offer 2.5GB of daily data for 365 days. The existing monthly recharge plan of Rs. 155 with 2GB data per day will be priced at Rs. 189 starting next week. Five other plans in the monthly prepaid category have been revised. Jio's two-month recharge plan of Rs. 479 has been revised to Rs. 579. It will continue to provide 1.5GB of data per day for 56 days. The affordable three-month plan has been revised from Rs. 395 to Rs. 479 with a total data benefit of 6GB. The popular Rs. 666 plan with 84-day validity is now priced at Rs. 799. JioFinance App Launched in Beta With These Finance, Banking Features The 1GB data add-on pack of Rs. 15 has been raised to Rs. 19. Price of Rs. 25 and Rs. 61 plans will now cost Rs. 29 and Rs. 69, respectively. Jio's postpaid Rs. 299 plan with 30GB of data is now priced at Rs. 349 for the billing cycle. The Rs. 399 plan with 75GB of data is revised to Rs. 449. Several other Jio unlimited plans with 28 days, 56 days, 84 days, and 336 days validity also get pricier. They will offer unlimited voice calling and 100 SMS per day benefits. See below for are all the revised recharge plan prices: Telecom Operators Said to Be Testing Caller ID Services in These Areas Current Price New Price Validity Data benefits   155 189 28 2GB   209 249 28 1GB/ day   239 299 24 1.5GB/ day   299 349 28 2GB/ day,    349 399 28 2.5GB/ day   399 449 28 3GB/ day   479 579 56 1.5GB/ day   533 629 56 2GB/ day   666 799 84 1.5GB/ day   719 859 84 2GB/ day   999 1,199 84 3GB/ day   1,559 1,899 336 24GB   2,999 3,599 365 2.5GB/ day   Postpaid 299 349 Bill cycle 30GB   399 449 Bill cycle 75GB  




title = "Airtel Price Hike for Prepaid Recharge Plans, Postpaid Plans Announced: New Tariffs Effective From July 3" ,  Airtel on Friday announced that it was revising the price of its prepaid recharge plans and postpaid plans, with costs increasing by as much as 20 percent. The telecom operator said the new prices are part of its efforts to increase the mobile average revenue per user (ARPU). The tariffs for prepaid and postpaid data plans will be revised next week, according to the operator. The Airtel price hike comes hours after rival Reliance Jio announced new tariffs on Thursday, increasing the prices of its plans in the country. Airtel price hike for prepaid plans Once the new tariffs go into effect, Airtel prepaid customers will have to pay more to access the company's data and calling plans. The telecom operator says that it is looking to increase the ARPU beyond Rs. 300 in order to remain profitable while continuing to invest in spectrum and network technology. You can refer to the table below to see the updated pricing for each plan. The annual Rs. 1,799 recharge plan and Rs. 2,999 plan will increase by Rs. 200 and Rs. 600, respectively. It's worth noting that all prepaid recharge plans offer unlimited voice calls and up to 100 SMS per day, except the last three entries in the table as they are data add on packs. Telecom Operators Said to Be Testing Caller ID Services in These Areas Old Price New Price Data Allowance Validity (Days)     179 199 2GB 28   455 509 6GB 84   1799 1999 24GB 365   265 299 1GB per day 28   299 349 1.5GB per day 28   359 409 2.5GB per day 28   399 449 3GB per day 28   479 579 1.5GB per day 56   549 649 2GB per day 56   719 859 1.5GB per day 84   839 979 2GB per day 84   2999 3599 2GB per day 365   19 (Data add-on) 22 1GB 1   29 (Data add-on) 33 2GB 1   65 (Data add-on) 77 4GB Plan Validity Airtel postpaid plan price increase Airtel postpaid plans have also been hiked, which means that customers will have to pay a higher monthly bill starting from July. The Rs. 399 plan that offers one connection with 40GB of data and an Xstream Premium subscription will soon cost Rs. 449. Meanwhile, the Rs. 499 plan that offered 75GB of data, as well as Xstream Premium, Disney+ Hotstar, and Amazon Prime subscriptions, will be hiked to Rs. 549. Two other postpaid plans will also be hiked, according to the telecom operator. The Rs. 599 plan that offers two connections with 105GB of data will cost Rs. 699, while the Rs. 999 plan that offers four connections and 190GB of data will soon be priced at Rs. 1,199. Both these plans offer Xstream Premium, Disney+ Hotstar, Airtel Wynk, and Amazon Prime subscriptions. Airtel's New International Roaming Plan Supports Travel In 184 Countries


Airtel Launches In-Flight Roaming Plans for Prepaid and Postpaid Users New Airtel tariffs to be effective in July Airtel says that the new tariffs for prepaid recharge plans and postpaid plans will be effective from July 3. As of next week, the telecom operator will display the revised pricing for prepaid recharge plans on its website. Similarly, postpaid customers will see the cost of their monthly bill increase as per the new plans, according to the company. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Binance Tightens Oversight of Its Services, Offers Rewards for Reporting Misuse" ,  Binance has decided to add more layers of security over the management of accounts on its platform. The exchange's decision comes after internal analyses showed that some of its features and services were being exploited to fetch unfair advantages, such as a better fee rate and higher API limits. Binance has planned to incorporate several steps to make its platform safe for users to engage with cryptocurrencies. The exchange has recently had run-ins with the law enforcement authorities of more than one country, making it reassess its user-friendliness and look for improvements that it can bring to its services. Binance explains its exploitation Bad actors have been flocking to exploit cryptocurrencies, mainly because these digital assets can process instant transactions, local and cross border, offering anonymity to the parties involved. Governments around the world are concerned about the misuse of crypto tokens to facilitate unlawful transactions linked to terror financing and money laundering. Detailing the findings of its own analysis, a blog by Binance said, “Our platform offers various account types, including sub-accounts, managed sub-accounts, and fund manager accounts, which all play an important role in diverse genuine use cases. However, these features also have the potential to be misused by bad actors that seek to circumvent our controls to either access or sell access to a better fee rate and higher API limits.” Delta Exchange Launches in India, Brings Options Trading for Crypto Assets To ensure its account features are not being misused, Binance claims to have enhanced the monitoring of all account usage and related activities from a technological standpoint. “We will investigate all potential or suspected incidents of misuse and, if necessary, take action that we consider appropriate to remedy misuse, which may include, but not limited to, suspension or termination of the relevant accounts,” the post added. Binance offers rewards to encourage users to report misuse In December 2023, Binance had claimed that it surpassed over 170 million users on its global network. CoinDCX App Revamped with New ‘Web3 Mode’: All Details In order to catch financial miscreants misusing its platform, Binance has called out to its users asking them to be vigilant. The exchange is offering rewards for reporting potentially suspicious account holders. “We will provide a reward for any verified case of account misuse. The reward amount will be determined on a case-by-case basis. Your support can make a significant impact and help improve our platform. These efforts are crucial to further enhancing and safeguarding the integrity of our platform,” the exchange noted. Recently, Binance was fined $2.25 million (roughly Rs. 18.8 crore) in India for reportedly not adhering to the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002 (PMLA). The crypto exchange has previously also had encounters with the American and Nigerian authorities over alleged non-compliance of their respective rules overseeing the crypto sector.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Leaks in New Renders, Suggests Three Colour Options" ,  Samsung confirmed the July 10 Galaxy Unpacked event earlier this week with reservations currently live for the upcoming foldables and wearables. As we near the launch date, new renders of the Galaxy Z Fold 6 have surfaced online, suggesting its possible colour options. The new images showcase the squared-off design of the book-style foldable phone. It appears similar in design to the Galaxy S24 Ultra. The phone is shown in three shades with a triple rear camera setup and a hole punch inner display. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 colourways, design leaked Tipster Passionategeekz has shared new alleged renders of the Galaxy Z Fold 6. The design appears quite similar to what we have seen in the previous leaks. The latest images showcase the phone in blue, pink, and titanium colour options and it seems to have sharp edges with a squared-off look instead of rounded ones. This look could be inspired by the Galaxy S24 Ultra's design. Apart from that, there seems to be no change to the phone's design compared to the Galaxy Z Fold 5. The internal display appears to include a hole punch cutout to house the camera, while three camera rings are arranged on the rear. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Watch Ultra, Buds 3 Details Leak Ahead of Launch Samsung will host the next Galaxy Unpacked event on July 10 from Paris. The event will be livestreamed from Paris at 3pm CEST (6:30pm IST) on YouTube and Samsung's social channels. The Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 are expected to take center stage at the Galaxy Unpacked event. However, Samsung is also said to unveil the Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch Ultra, Galaxy Ring, and Galaxy Buds 3 series. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 specifications (leaked) The Galaxy Z Fold 6 could get a 7.6-inch QXGA+ (1,856x2,160 pixels) Dynamic AMOLED 2X inner screen and a 6.3-inch Dynamic AMOLED 2X cover display. It is tipped to run a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 for Galaxy with 12GB LPDDR5X RAM. It is said to come in 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB storage options. Samsung Offers Pre-Order Reservations in India Ahead of Galaxy Unpacked Samsung is said to pack a triple rear camera setup on the Galaxy Z Fold 6 led by a 50-megapixel wide-angle camera. It is likely to include a 10-megapixel selfie camera on the cover display and a 4-megapixel camera on the inner screen. It is said to get a 4,400mAh battery.    Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Lenovo Introduces Energy Efficiency-Focused AI Solutions for Enterprises" ,  Lenovo unveiled the sixth generation of its Neptune liquid cooling technology that will support artificial intelligence (AI) computing, on Wednesday. The solution has a focus on energy efficiency and uses recycled loops of warm water to cool data centre systems and server components. It also highlighted its enterprise-grade AI Center of Excellence and AI Innovator solutions for India and claimed that it can assist businesses across a wide range of industries such as retail, hospitality, manufacturing, health care, finance, and more. Lenovo's AI solutions for Indian enterprises In a newsroom post, the Chinese consumer technology brand introduced the latest generation of its Neptune liquid cooling technology. It claims the solution can support AI businesses running more than 100KW server racks without the need for specialised data centre air conditioning. The company says it can achieve 98 percent heat dissipation using its warm water loops. The company said that water cooling can provide sustained high performance for the AI servers without reaching thermal limits. It claimed that the system is also more environment-friendly than a traditional air-cooled system. Lenovo Legion Go With 8.8-Inch Display Debuts in India at This Price Apart from this, Lenovo also highlighted its AI offerings for Indian enterprises. In a press release (via Analytics India Magazine), the company listed more than 165 AI-powered solutions for various sectors. Some of these include Smart Virtual Assistant for customer service operations, Smart Travel which is an automated anti-bird strike solution, Smart Manufacturing which is a video-based analytics tool for workplace safety and efficiency, and more. Lenovo Yoga Pro 7i Review: Keeping It Slim and Professional


Lenovo Legion Tablet India Launch Confirmed; Design, Key Features Revealed Further, Lenovo is also offering its expanded AI Center of Excellence which offers several services to enterprises to guide them through the AI deployment process. These include advisory services, AI Fast Start for Nvidia NIMS, and more. As per the press release, these AI solutions for Indian businesses were developed in collaboration with Nvidia. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Realme to Launch Upcoming Smartphone Models With AI Capabilities, Realme VP Chase Xu Says" ,  Realme is planning to equip its upcoming smartphones with artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities, according to Chase Xu, Realme Vice President and President of Global Marketing. In a recent interview, the executive said that phones in different price segments will be equipped with various AI features to improve the overall user experience. He also revealed that Realme is working on creating an Internet of Things (IoT) product ecosystem to support its smartphones. These connected devices will also come with AI features built into them. Realme to add AI features in future smartphones In an interaction with 91Mobiles, Xu said that AI adoption in the smartphone industry was gaining momentum. Realme will also launch every future smartphone, regardless of the price segment, with some level of AI integration, the executive told the publication. As part of this strategy, the company's flagship tier GT series will get the most advanced AI features, whereas the Realme number series will get AI capabilities integrated within the entertainment and photography features, Xu was quoted as saying. The AI features in entry-level devices are said to focus on improving the overall efficiency of the smartphone. Realme GT 6 China Variant Front Design Revealed; to Offer a Flat Display Additionally, the report mentioned that the Chinese smartphone brand also plans to build an ecosystem of IoT devices, also known as connected devices that can communicate with each other. These IoT devices will reportedly also feature AI features. Realme is also investing in truly wireless stereo (TWS), tablets, and other wearables. Realme's first phone with 'Next AI' features The Realme GT 6 was recently launched in India and featured several AI features including AI Night Vision Mode, AI Smart Removal (Review), and AI Smart Loop. These AI features were bundled under its 'Next AI' branding. However, the company did not share any details about the AI model used for these features. The Realme GT 6 features a 6.78-inch full-HD+ (1,264x2,780 pixels) 8T LTPO AMOLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate. It is equipped with the Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset paired with up to 16GB of RAM and up to 512GB of inbuilt storage. Realme C61 India Price, Key Features Revealed: Check Availability, Offers


Realme V60, Realme V60s With 32-Megapixel Rear Camera Launched: See Price It also sports a triple rear camera setup with a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-808 primary sensor with OIS support, a 50-megapixel telephoto lens, and an 8-megapixel ultra-wide-angle camera. On the front, it gets a 32-megapixel camera for selfies and video calls. The smartphone is backed by a 5,500mAh battery with a charging support of 120W. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Delta Exchange Launches in India, Brings Options Trading for Crypto Assests" ,  Delta, a crypto exchange with global headquarters in Kingstown, Saint Vincent, announced the launch of its India subsidiary on Thursday, June 27. The move comes at a time when the Indian government seems to be warming up to cryptocurrencies as it begins deploying rules to oversee the safety of the otherwise volatile digital assets sector. The exchange has set up its office in Mumbai, India's financial capital. Delta Exchange's plans for India India's crypto market, even at this growing stage, has a robust presence of national as well as international exchanges. Binance, Kraken, KuCoin, CoinDCX, WazirX, and Unocoin are among crypto exchanges operating in India. To compete with these already established players in India, Delta has decided to be the first to offer options trading for crypto assets in the country. In options trading, investors are reportedly allowed to buy or sell crypto assets at a predetermined price and date, which guarantees them profit from market price movements without making them own the underlying cryptocurrency. eRupee Activity Dips After Banks End Promotion Initiatives: Report It is, however, worth noting that crypto options trading is a risky investment with a high potential for loss, which is why it's not a popular service offering from crypto investors in India. Among other services, the platform will also let users facilitate instant transfers and deposits in the INR currency. “This allows traders to operate on the derivatives exchange without the need of holding stablecoins or any other crypto coins. With a heavy focus on compliance and safety of its users, Delta Exchange India does not accept cryptocurrency deposits or withdrawals thereby eliminating any risks associated with crypto custody,” the exchange said in a prepared statement. Telegram-Backed TON Blockchain Under Threat of Phishing Attacks: Experts The exchange claims that it has already onboarded over 1,00,000 users from India onto the beta version of the platform. The company sees this development as crucial, especially as the country ranks first among 154 nations showing rapid crypto adoption at the grassroot level, as per Global Crypto Adoption Index. Focus on India's crypto laws India's finance ministry and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) have been very meticulous and stringent in deploying rules to oversee the digital assets sector and bring more security to the financially volatile industry. The Delta exchange has declared that it has registered with India's Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU-IND) and has set up a 24x7 customer support system to cater to user grievances at all times. Founded in 2018, Delta exchange is a digital asset derivatives exchange backed by multiple investors, including CoinFund, Sandeep Nailwal's family office, Aave, Kyber Network, and SinoGlobal Capital, among others. “Delta offers daily, weekly and monthly expiries for Bitcoin and Ethereum's Options contracts, thus allowing more opportunities for traders in the market. Our launch in India marks a significant milestone in our mission to bring a secure, compliant and trader-centric platform for Futures and Options (F&O) traders in the country,” Pankaj Balani, Co - Founder and CEO, Delta, said in the statement. With India reportedly estimated to house over 270 million crypto users by the end of this year, it seems only natural for crypto firms to increase the stakes and help interested investors venture into Web3 through crypto assets of their choice.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo Reno 12 5G Series India Launch, Flipkart Availability Confirmed; Company Teases Several AI Features" ,  Oppo Reno 12 and Oppo Reno 12 Pro with MediaTek Dimensity SoCs were introduced in select global markets last week. Now, the Chinese tech brand is gearing up to release its flagship phones in India. They are confirmed to go official soon in the country through Flipkart. Like the Chinese and global counterparts, the Indian variants of the Oppo Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro will bring several features powered by artificial intelligence (AI), according to the company. Oppo Reno 12 5G series launch in India confirmed Through a media invite, Oppo announced that the Reno 12 5G series will debut in India soon. Flipkart and Oppo India have created dedicated landing pages on their websites to tease the arrival of the Oppo Reno 12 5G and Reno 12 Pro 5G. Both phones are confirmed to include several AI-based camera features including AI Best Face, AI Eraser 2.0, AI Studio and AI Clear Face. The lineup also integrates productivity features like AI Summary, AI Record Summary, AI Clear Voice, AI Writer and AI Speak powered by Google Gemini LLM. Oppo A3 Pro With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC Unveiled in India: See Price Oppo Reno 12 5G series to introduce new AI features The upcoming AI Best Face feature on the Oppo Reno 12 series is touted to capture the perfect shot by recognising human faces, and expressions. This feature can "open" the eyes of a subject in a photo if they were closed when the image was snapped. AI Eraser 2.0 works like Google's Magic Eraser and removes background distractions with a few taps. The AI Studio feature can be used to transform any photo into a digital avatar while the AI Clear Face provide high-definition details of facial textures, hair, eyebrows and more. The Oppo Reno 12 lineup's AI Summary provides concise summaries and highlights of lengthy content. The AI Recording Summary can summarise daily office meetings. Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G With IP69 Rating Debuts in India: See Price Meanwhile, the AI Writer feature helps to complete sentences, and offers word suggestions and grammar correction. The AI Clear Voice utilises advanced algorithms to reduce background noise by up to 40dB. Oppo Reno 12 series specifications (Expected) The Chinese variants of the Oppo Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro run on MediaTek Dimensity 8250 Star Speed Edition SoC and Dimensity 9200+ Star Speed Edition chipset respectively. The global versions are powered by MediaTek Dimensity 7300-Energy SoCs. Both Oppo Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro feature two 50-megapixel cameras and an 8-megapixel ultra-wide-angle camera. Both handsets are equipped with a 50-megapixel front camera. They pack 5,000mAh batteries with support for 80W SuperVOOC fast charging.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Medusa Banking Trojan Makes Comeback With Upgrades Targeting Android Devices in Seven Countries" ,  Medusa, a banking trojan that was first identified in 2020, has reportedly returned with several new upgrades that make it more threatening. The new variant of the malware is also said to be targeting more regions than the original version. A cybersecurity firm has detected the trojan active in Canada, France, Italy, Spain, Turkey, the UK, and the US. Medusa primarily attacks Google's Android operating system, putting smartphone owners at risk. Like any banking trojan, it goes after the banking apps on the device and can even perform on-device frauds. New variants of Medusa banking trojan discovered Cybersecurity firm Cleafy reports that new fraud campaigns involving the Medusa banking trojan were spotted in May after remaining under the radar for almost a year. Medusa is a type of TangleBot — an Android malware that can infect a device and give the attackers a wide range of control over it. While they can be used for stealing personal information and spying on individuals, Medusa, being a banking trojan, mainly attacks banking apps and steals money from victims. The original version of Medusa was equipped with powerful capabilities. For instance, it had the remote access trojan (RAT) capability that allowed it to grant the attacker screen controls and the ability to read and write SMS. It also came with a keylogger and the combination allowed it to perform one of the most dangerous fraud scenarios — on-device fraud, according to the firm. BSNL Reportedly Suffers Major Data Breach Affecting Millions of Users However, the new variant is said to be even more dangerous. The cybersecurity firm found that 17 commands that existed in the older malware were removed in the latest Trojan. This was done to minimise the requirement of permissions in the bundled file, raising less suspicion. Another upgrade is that it can set a black screen overlay on the attacked device, which can make the user think the device is locked or powered off, while the trojan performs its malicious activities. Threat actors are also reportedly using new delivery mechanisms to infect devices. Earlier, these were spread via SMS links. But now, dropper apps (apps that appear to be legitimate but deploy the malware once installed) are being used to install Medusa under the guise of an update. However, the report highlighted that the malware makers have not been able to deploy Medusa via the Google Play store. After being installed, the app flashes messages prompting the user to enable accessibility services to collect the sensor data and keystrokes. The data is then compressed and exported to an encoded C2 server. Once enough information has been collected, the threat actor can use remote access to take control of the device and commit financial fraud. Apple’s Internal Tools’ Source Code Allegedly Stolen, Leaked on Dark Web


Google Chrome Brings 5 New Features to Android, iOS for Better Search Android users are recommended to not click on URLs shared via SMS, messaging apps, or social media platforms by unknown senders. They should also be cautious while downloading apps from untrusted sources, or simply stick to the Google Play store to download and update apps. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "PS Plus Monthly Free Games for July Include Borderlands 3, NHL 24 and Among Us" ,  Sony has announced the slate of monthly games joining PlayStation Plus in July. The free games joining PS Plus next month include looter shooter Borderlands 3, sports sim NHL 24, and multiplayer party title Among Us. All three games will be available to PS Plus members across Essential, Extra and Deluxe/Premium tiers from July 2. PS Plus subscribers can access the monthly games for July, revealed on the PlayStation Blog Wednesday, at no additional cost. The three free titles will be available on the service till August 6. During that period, players can add the games to their libraries and continue playing them beyond August 6 with an active PS Plus subscription. Additionally, July's PS Plus offerings also include a Genshin Impact in-game reward bundle, which will be available July 16. The monthly PS Plus games for June, which include SpongeBob Squarepants: The Cosmic Shake, AEW Fight Forever and Streets of Rage 4, are still available on the service. These titles can be added to the game library till July 1. Here's a look at the PS Plus monthly games lineup for July: Borderlands 3 Sci-fi looter shooter Borderlands 3 leads next month's PS Plus lineup. Players can pick one of four available classes, play solo or four-player co-op, and go on chaotic quests, take on bounties, and find new guns and gear. As players progress through the story and take part in side quests, they can upgrade their characters and unlock new skills and abilities. You play as one of four Vault Hunters recruited to take down an insane cult. Borderlands 3 can also be played in split-screen co-op. The game will be available on both PS4 and PS5. NHL 24 PS Plus added EA Sports FC 24 in May. Next month, NHL 24 joins the service. The ice hockey sim brings new gameplay features and overhauls existing systems to present an authentic ice-hockey experience. NHL 24 brings a new total control skill moves system that let players perform complex tricks with a single tap. The game also gets a new passing and body checking system to bring more authenticity to its moment-to-moment gameplay. It will be available on both PS4 and PS5. Among Us The final title of the month is Among Us. The online multiplayer social deduction game, which soared in popularity during the heights of the COVID-19 pandemic, is coming to PS Plus in July. In this party game, players rush to complete tasks and find the imposter who lurks within them to sabotage the ship and literally backstab other crewmates. Among Us will be available on both PS4 and PS5. Earlier this month, Sony revealed the sale of games joining the PS Plus Game Catalog, available to PS Plus Extra and Deluxe/Premium tier subscribers, in June. These include Monster Hunter Rise, FM 2024, Crusader Kings III and more. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ India Launch Timeline Leaked Ahead of Debut in China" ,  iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ is set to launch in China soon. The company has confirmed the launch timeline of the smartphone in the country and revealed the design of the upcoming handset, which bears a resemblance to the iQoo Neo 9s Pro and other iQoo Neo 9 series variants. The upcoming handset is now expected to arrive in the Indian market in the coming weeks. A tipster has shared the possible India launch timeline of the iQoo Neo 9s Pro+. iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ India launch timeline (Rumoured) The iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ is expected to launch in India by the end of July, according to an X (formerly Twitter) post by tipster Abhishek Yadav (@yabhishekhd). If it is true, then it will join the iQoo Neo 9 Pro in the lineup in the country. The company has yet to officially announce plans to launch the smartphone. The company has already confirmed that the iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ will launch in China in July. The official teasers revealing the design show the handset in a similar dual-tone vegan leather finish as the other iQoo Neo 9 series phones. Instead of their red and white combination, the upcoming 'Pro+' option is seen with blue and white options. The teaser also reveals the phone's dual rear camera unit. iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ Launch Set For Next Month; Specifications Tipped iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ specifications (Rumoured) The tipster added that the iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ will likely be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset. This claim backs an earlier leak which suggested that the upcoming iQoo Neo 9 series phone will come with the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC paired with up to 16GB of LPDDR5x RAM and up to 512GB of UFS 4.0 onboard storage. Notably, this chip is an upgrade over the MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset that powers the iQoo Neo 9s Pro. iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ Could Debut With These Specifications


iQoo Neo 9s Pro With MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ SoC Launched: See Price The earlier leak also suggested that the iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ may sport a 6.78-inch 144Hz 1.5K OLED screen, an ultrasonic in-display fingerprint scanner and a 5,500mAh battery 120W fast charging support. The handset is also likely to sport a dual 50-megapixel rear camera unit and a 16-megapixel selfie shooter.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Surface Duo 3 Design Revealed via Patent Describing Cancelled Foldable With Flexible Display" ,  Microsoft discontinued its foldable devices – known as Surface Duo – in 2023. However, the company is said to have attempted one last shot at a folding phone, and reportedly developed a Surface Duo 3 before scrapping it. A recently discovered patent suggests that the next generation Surface device would have looked like, with a single continuous display and a kickstand at the back. This development comes after the discovery of a similar patent in March which suggested that the Surface might yet have a Lazarus moment. Microsoft Surface Duo 3 design revealed by US patent According to a patent application discovered by PatentlyApple, Microsoft may have scrapped plans for a device that could have become the Surface Duo 3. The patent reveals that it would have featured a single continuous display – a big change from the dual-screen Surface Duo which never properly took off and was shut down by the company last year.  Microsoft's foldable device, as per the patent documentPhoto Credit: US Patent and Trademark Office/Microsoft The device would have featured a magnetically attached kickstand at the back, enabling the user to place it on a table vertically or horizontally, without requiring any third-party accessories or cases. The patent also suggests a triple camera setup at the back of the foldable device with a module similar in shape to Apple's iPhone Pro models. Another design element of the device would have been its power button, which could be used to unfold it. In theory, this would have made opening it manually redundant. The patent is said to have been filed with the US Patent and Trademark Office on June 20. Although it was filed for a “kickstand for opening foldable computing device”, it mentions a device with a “flexible” display with support hinges which can fold 180 degrees. This device is speculated to be the now-cancelled Surface Duo device. Notably, it was revealed a few months ago that Microsoft discarded plans for a similar device which it codenamed Project Neon. Microsoft Working On a Foldable Smartphone, Suggests Patent Application


ZTE Yuanhang 3D Phone With Glasses-Free 3D Display Launched: Check Price


CMF Phone 1 Specifications, India Pricing Leaked Ahead of Launch Interestingly, the patent application also mentions another device with a flexible display with support hinges that can be rotated 360 degrees so that the single continuous display is face-to-face. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "YouTube Reportedly in Talks With Record Labels for Deal to Train AI Song Generator" ,  YouTube is reportedly in talks with multiple record labels to strike a deal that will let it use copyrighted songs to train its artificial intelligence (AI) tools. The Google-owned platform is said to be working on several new AI features that it plans to release by the end of this year. Last year, the video streaming platform announced testing an AI song generator dubbed Dream Track for Shorts, however, it was never made public. The report now highlights that this deal could be for separate AI tools that can also generate songs. YouTube exploring AI deals with record labels According to Financial Times report, YouTube is already in discussions with three separate record labels to licence their songs. Citing people familiar with the matter, the publication states that the company had offered lump sums of cash to Sony, Warner, and Universal. It is said that the deal asks for the rights to use these copyrighted songs to train its AI models and to let it generate songs that might be similar in style to them. However, this might be difficult to achieve. The report highlights that artists are not in favour of such deals as they fear it might undermine their talent and have a permanent impact on their careers, while the record labels appear to have a different opinion. YouTube Is Testing a New Way to Boost Engagement for Small Creators “The industry is wrestling with this. Technically the companies have the copyrights, but we have to think through how to play it. We don't want to be seen as a Luddite,” the publication quoted an unnamed executive at a large music company. Explaining the nature of these deals, the report claimed that YouTube would make a one-time payment to the record labels instead of paying a royalty-based fee that Spotify and Apple pay. Further, the video-streaming giant is unlikely to get a blanket licence with a record label, the report stated. Instead, it is said that the company might get only access to songs of select artists who agree to be part of this deal. YouTube May Bring a Sleep Timer to Its Android App


Google Said to Be Working on AI Chatbots Based on Celebrities While last year, YouTube announced its testing of Dream Track, an AI-powered song generator that was aimed at its vertical video format Shorts, this deal is said to be for separate AI tools. However, the functionality will remain the same. The company is reportedly looking to onboard dozens of artists to train its AI models that are planned to be released later this year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Elon Musk Deepfake Videos Targeting Crypto Investors Displayed on Channel Seven Following YouTube Hack" ,  Elon Musk has previously expressed support for cryptocurrencies publicly, but the billionaire was recently impersonated by cybercriminals who hacked an Australian broadcaster in an attempt to target gullible investors. Over the last few years, Musk has shaken up the crypto market via posts on X (formerly Twitter). Now, his popularity is being used by criminals to target crypto investors — especially those who take the billionaire's market commentary seriously. Deepfake videos of Musk promoting scam tokens, fake airdrops, and false crypto schemes are reportedly spreading throughout web applications. Elon Musk deepfake videos displayed via Australian broadcaster Cybercriminals managed to hack the YouTube channel of The Seven Network (popularly known as Channel Seven) on Thursday following layoffs at the Australian broadcaster, according to a News.com.au report. After gaining control over the broadcaster's account, the hackers displayed deepfake videos of Musk in which he appears to say that he is giving away crypto tokens. In the doctored video, the Tesla chief can be heard vouching to return investors double of what they wire to a malicious address. As per the report, the livestream of this deepfake video garnered views from over 150,000 people on the compromised YouTube channel for Channel Seven. Louisiana Joins Increasing List of US States that Support Crypto Mining Screenshots of the deepfake version of Musk promoting the fraudulent crypto scheme on the YouTube channel — renamed by the criminals to ‘Tesla Channel' during the hack — have surfaced on social media. One of the screenshots also shows that a QR code was being displayed on the screen along with a tagline ‘Scan or regret'. YouTube is yet to publicly react to the development. @elonmusk Live cryptoScam using your image on YouTube now.Channel says" 7NEWS Australia "It appears as Tesla channel after clicking on the video when it starts.Notified YouTube but no "Scam" category to report in drop menu.Good luck fixing this and getting it shut down. pic.twitter.com/M6pG47xS2M— Greg Watts (@MeggaWatti_) June 27, 2024 Earlier this month, when SpaceX conducted the launch of its Starship rocket, at least 35 deepfake videos of Musk were reportedly streamed on YouTube. In these videos, scammers displayed a fake video of Musk promoting a scam crypto scheme asking people to send crypto funds to a wallet address to get double in return. 100k+ people watching a scam SpaceX Starship Launch LIVE on YouTube right now using a convincing AI deepfake of Elon Musk on stage trying to push crypto during the launch. Why won't @TeamYouTube do anything about this? YouTube just ignores all the reports & it's ridiculous! :man-facepalming: pic.twitter.com/LxOt0H89Ms— Barnacules Nerdgasm (@Barnacules) March 14, 2024 How Musk has reacted to previous deepfake videos It's been a while since Musk has reacted to these deepfake videos of him promoting crypto scams. Back in 2022, he responded after watching one of these fake videos exploiting his identity. “Yikes. Def not me,” the billionaire quipped in response to a now-deleted post. Yikes. Def not me.— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 25, 2022 Musk has not directly commented on deepfakes since that post, but often spoken about his intent to eliminate bot accounts spreading fake information around crypto and politics among other subjects on X (formerly Twitter). It is notable that the billionaire has not quite been able to do so as yet. Hong Kong Sets Up Subcommittee to Explore Legislations Around Crypto Earlier this month, Binance co-founder Yi He asked Musk to improve the X's privacy and security measures after she found her identity being misused for promoting a fake crypto token on X.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "ZTE Yuanhang 3D With Glasses-Free 3D Display, Unisoc T760 Chipset Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  ZTE Yuanhang 3D (translated from Chinese) has been launched in China. The new ZTE handset comes with a 3D display that is claimed to deliver artificial intelligence-based 3D effects to the naked eye. The display offers AI-based 2D to 3D real-time conversion of content as well. The ZTE Yuanhang 3D runs on the Unisoc T760 chipset and has a dual rear camera unit led by a 50-megapixel sensor. It houses a 4,500mAh battery with 33W charging support. ZTE Yuanhang 3D price The ZTE Yuanhang 3D is priced at CNY 1,499 (roughly Rs. 17,000) for the single 6GB + 128GB model. It is offered in Star Black colour and is currently up for sale in China. The delivery of the phone will begin on June 30. ZTE Yuanhang 3D specifications The dual SIM (Nano) ZTE Yuanhang 3D runs on Android 13 based MyOS13 and features a 6.58-inch full-HD (1,080x2,408 pixels) LCD 3D display with 120Hz refresh rate and 401ppi pixel density. The glasses-free 3D display offers a 60-degree field of view and uses Lenticular grating 3D display technology with AI head tracking and AI 2D-3D real-time conversion. ZTE Axon 60 Ultra With Dual Satellite Connectivity Goes Official According to ZTE, Yuanhang 3D is the world's first smartphone with support for 3D images based on AI. It is powered by a Unisoc T760 chipset paired with Mali-G57 MC4 GPU and 6GB LPDDR4X RAM. For optics, the ZTE Yuanhang 3D carries a dual rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel main sensor with support autofocus and a 5-megapixel secondary sensor. For selfies and video chats, there is a 5-megapixel sensor at the front. Connectivity options on the ZTE Yuanhang 3D include 5G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, AGPS, BeiDou, Galileo and a USB Type-C port. It gets 128GB of EMMC flash memory. Sensors onboard include accelerometer, gyroscope, electronic compass, and light sensor. It offers several AI-based features like AI Smart Voice, AI Smart Translation, and AI Magic Elimination. The handset includes a fingerprint sensor and supports face recognition. Best Smartphones of 2023 ZTE has packed a 4,500mAh battery on the Yuanhang 3D with 33W wired charging support. It measures 75x63.5x8.5mm and weighs 190 grams. 




title = "Google Chrome Introduces New Actions, More Features on Android, iOS for Better Search Experience" ,  Google Chrome announced five new features for Android and iOS platforms that aim to bring a better search experience across smartphones and tablets. The web browser has been rolling out a slew of new features lately, with “Listen to this Page” and “Minimised Custom Tabs” some of the recent additions. Now, it brings more Chrome actions for search queries, a redesigned search bar for select devices, new shortcut suggestions, and more. New features on Google Chrome In a blog post, Google introduced five new features for Android and iOS devices. It brings more Chrome Actions for local searches. Upon searching queries related to local businesses, such as looking up a restaurant, users will now get three new options: Call, Directions, and Reviews. Google says this feature is already live on Android and will be rolled out to iOS later this year. The address bar on tablets has also been redesigned in accordance with Google's Material You design language. When making searches, the website will still be visible to the user in a new drop-down menu. The shortcut suggestions are also said to be improved keeping the user's typing habits in mind. Google says it will now help them navigate to a website based on what they normally search to get there. Google Search Results May Not Offer Infinite Scrolling Anymore Google has also brought Trending Searches to iOS – a feature already available on Android devices since 2023. Users can now simply tap on an empty address bar to see the trending searches being listed. Selecting a trending search will show other searches related to that topic. Google Pixel 9 Series Set to Launch in India on This Date


Google Said to Be Working on AI Chatbots Based on Celebrities It also introduces live sports cards on the Discover feed. With this feature, users can get automatic updates and catch up on how their favourite sports teams are doing if they have searched for it in the past. Google says this feature can also be customised by navigating to the three-dot menu. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp for Android Could Reportedly Let Users Choose the Llama Model to Power Their Meta AI Chatbot" ,  WhatsApp for Android is tipped to be working on a new feature that will let users choose the Large Language Model Meta AI (Llama) 3 model to power the Meta AI chatbot. On Thursday, a feature tracker claimed that this feature is currently under development and not available to beta testers. The feature is said to let users choose between the Llama 3-70B AI model and the Llama 3-405B AI model. The latter is tipped to be available for a limited number of prompts. WhatsApp may introduce option to choose AI Model According to WhatsApp feature tracker WABetaInfo, the new feature was spotted in the WhatsApp for Android beta version 2.24.14.7. However, it is not visible at present and beta testers will not be able to interact with it. This feature builds on top of the recent introduction of the Meta AI chatbot in the app and lets users choose from the smaller Llama 3-70B model and the latest and larger Llama 3-405B model.  WhatsApp's Meta Llama Model featurePhoto Credit: WABetaInfo  In a screenshot shared by the feature tracker, a new settings menu can be seen titled Meta Llama model. This space will let users choose the AI model. The above mentioned options are shown with the Llama 3-70B model listed as the “faster” model and the Llama 3-405B model listed as “Better for more complex prompts”. A block of text underneath states, “Preview the 405B model for a limited number of prompts each week. Once you've reached the limit, you can continue your conversations using the 70B model.” Notably, the Llama 3-405B AI model has not yet been released to the public. While releasing the 8B and 70B Llama 3 models in April, Meta stated that it is still training the family's largest model with 400 billion parameters. If the information about the new WhatsApp feature is true, it is likely that the company intends to fine-tune the model based on user interactions. WhatsApp May Introduce a Quicker Way for Replying to Video Notes


WhatsApp for Android May Get a New In-App Dialler in the Calls Tab


WhatsApp Stickers Get More Dynamic With New Framework Support As stated in a previous report, Meta has already confirmed that it is training its AI models with user data during interactions with its AI chatbots. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo T3 Lite 5G With 50-Megapixel Main Camera, IP64-Rated Build Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Vivo T3 Lite 5G has been launched in India on Thursday. The phone comes with a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit, an IP64-rated build, and a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset. It appears to be a rebadged version of the Vivo Y28s 5G, which is officially listed on the global company website. The newly launched Vivo T3 Lite 5G joins the existing Vivo T3 5G lineup in the country which includes base and X variants. It is confirmed to go on sale early next month. Vivo T3 Lite 5G price in India, availability The Vivo T3 Lite 5G starts in India at Rs. 10,499 for the 4GB + 128GB option, while the 6GB + 128GB variant is priced at Rs. 11,499. The phone will go on sale in the country on July 4 at 12pm IST via Flipkart, Vivo India website, and select offline retail stores. Vivo also announced that HDFC, ICICI Bank, and Flipkart Axis Credit Card users can get a Rs. 500 instant discount during the purchase of the Vivo T3 Lite 5G. This will bring down the effective starting price of the handset to Rs. 9,999. Vivo T3 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 7200 SoC Launched in India: See Price The Vivo T3 Lite 5G is offered in two colour options - Majestic Black and Vibrant Green. Vivo T3 Lite 5G specifications, features The Vivo T3 Lite 5G sports a 6.56-inch HD+ (1,612 x 720 pixels) LCD screen with a refresh rate of  90Hz and a brightness level of 840nits. It is powered by a 6nm octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC paired with up to 6GB of RAM and 128GB of onboard storage. The RAM can be virtually expanded by an additional 6GB. The phone ships with Android 14-based Funtouch OS 14. For optics, the Vivo T3 Lite 5G is equipped with a dual rear camera unit that includes an AI-backed 50-megapixel primary sensor and a 2-megapixel depth sensor. It gets an 8-megapixel front camera placed within a centred waterdrop notch. Vivo T3x 5G With 6,000mAh Battery Goes Official With This Price Tag


Vivo Y28s 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC, IP64 Rating Unveiled The Vivo T3 Lite 5G packs a 5,000mAh battery and comes with an IP64 rating for dust and splash resistance. For security, it has a side-mounted fingerprint sensor. The handset also supports dual 5G connectivity and weighs 185g.   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Lenovo Legion Go With 8.8-inch Display, AMD Ryzen Z1 Extreme Chipset Launched in India" ,  Lenovo Legion Go was launched in India by the company on Thursday as its first handheld gaming console that runs on Windows. The device is powered by an AMD Ryzen Z1 Extreme processor, paired with 16GB of RAM. It sports an 8.8-inch IPS touchscreen display with a 144Hz refresh rate and packs a 49.2Wh battery with Super Rapid Charge support. The Legion Go features Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity and is equipped with up to 1TB of SSD storage and a MicroSD card reader. Lenovo Legion Go price in India, availability Lenovo Legion Go price in India is set at Rs. 89,990 and the device will be available for purchase in a single Shadow Black colourway via Flipkart, the Lenovo website, and select Lenovo exclusive stores starting on July 1. The company has also announced that the handheld gaming console comes with a one-year accidental damage protection plan and customers will also receive a screen protector for the Legion Go at no additional cost. Forza Horizon 4 Will Be Delisted From Steam, Microsoft Store in December Lenovo Legion Go specifications The newly announced Lenovo Legion Go features an 8.8-inch WQXGA (2,560x1,600 pixels) IPS touchscreen display with 500nits peak brightness and a 144Hz refresh rate. The display is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 5. Lenovo has equipped the Legion Go with an AMD Ryzen Z1 Extreme processor with AMD Radeon graphics and 16GB of LPDDR5X RAM. The device is also equipped with 1TB SSD storage. Gamers will have access to a standard gaming controller layout, with hall effect joysticks. The left and right controllers can also be detached from the handheld console and used separately. Stellar Blade Has Reportedly Sold Over 1 Million Copies on PS5 The right controller can also be used as an ergonomic mouse for FPS and shooter titles that are designed to be played with a mouse. The device also has a buttonless touchpad that measures 28.5x28.5mm on the right controller. The Lenovo Legion Go offers Wi-Fi 6 and Bluetooth 5.1 connectivity. It is equipped with two USB 4 Type-C ports, two Pogo pin connectors, a headphone jack, and a MicroSD card reader. Sony Rumoured to Be Working on PS3 Emulation for PS5


Hidetaka Miyazaki Says Lowering Elden Ring Difficulty Would ‘Break the Game'


GTA Trilogy Has Reportedly Crossed 30 Million Downloads on Netflix Games According to the company, the Lenovo Legion Go features a 49.2Wh battery with Super Rapid Charge support, and can be charged from zero to 100 percent in 80 minutes. Besides, it measures 298.83 x 131 x 40.7 mm and weighs 854g. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Forza Horizon 4 to Be Delisted From Digital Storefronts, Xbox Game Pass in December" ,  In yet another setback for game preservation, Forza Horizon 4, the open-world racing title from Playground Games, is set to be delisted from digital storefronts. The Microsoft-owned studio announced Tuesday that the game would no longer be available for purchase on Steam and Microsoft Store starting December 15, 2024. The move comes only six years after Forza Horizon 4 was released in October 2018. Developer Playground Games, a part of Xbox Game Studios, said the game was being removed from online stores owing to licensing and agreements with its partners. From December 15, players won't be able to buy all versions of the game — Standard, Deluxe and Ultimate — and its additional content digitally. Forza Horizon 4 to be delisted from Steam, Microsoft Store, Game Pass In addition to Steam and Microsoft Store, Forza Horizon 4 will also be removed from Xbox Game Pass. Players who currently have access to the racing title via Game Pass will no longer be able to play the game once its digital presence is removed. The Best Games on Xbox Game Pass to Play Right Now However, players who already own the game and its additional content, digitally or through a physical copy, will be able to download or install and access all offline, online, and multiplayer features. Playground Games confirmed the game's servers will remain online even after the delisting. While the base game will be removed from storefronts later this year, its DLC has already met its fate. All downloadable content has been delisted from online stores from June 25. Players who already own the game's DLC can download the content and play it normally. Those who access Forza Horizon 4 via Xbox Game Pass and have purchased any DLC in the past, will receive a free game token for Forza Horizon 4 Standard Edition starting June 25. This, however, only applies to players who have a full-paid active Game Pass subscription on June 25. These Game Tokens will be sent via the Xbox Message Center and, if unused, will expire on June 25, 2026. Forza Horizon Festival Playlist changes Ahead of the game's delisting, Playground is also bringing a few changes to the online Festival Playlist. Forza Horizon 4's final series, Series 77, which includes the last Festival Playlist for the game, will be live from July 25 through August 22, after which the playlist screen will become inaccessible. Forza Horizon 5 Review: Everything You Love, in Mexico Forza Horizon 4 is currently available on Steam, Microsoft Store and Xbox Game Pass. Playground Games is also offering a discount for the game, with a sale coming to the Xbox Store on July 14. On Steam, the Standard Edition of the game can be purchased at a discounted price of Rs. 259 for a limited time. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Phone 1 Specifications, India Pricing Tipped: Said to Get MediaTek Dimensity 7300 SoC, IP52 Rating" ,  CMF Phone 1 is turning out to be a very interesting device indeed, with Nothing themselves beginning to officially reveal more details about the smartphone, building up the hype until its official reveal on July 8. While we have seen some leaked renders of the device in the past, hinting at its replaceable back panels and more, there's a lot more at stake here given that the phone also seems to have a manual rotating wheel/dial around a corner along withreplaceable customisable rear panels. While a lot of it will remain a mystery until the official launch, there's now a new leak that suggests a ton of information about the phone's specifications and price in India. Tipster Yogesh Brar took to X (formerly Twitter) and put out two posts leaking not just the core specifications of the device but an important detail related to its design as well. The tipster also leaked the Phone 1's price tags for India which is said to be Rs. 15,999 and 17,999 after discounts for the two available variants. Simply put, we expect CMF Phone 1 to be priced from Rs. 20,000 onwards, which would still make for an interesting price point given its rather interesting-looking design. The phone is also tipped to offer a basic IP52 certification against dust and water. CMF Phone 1- 6.7" FHD+ AMOLED, 120Hz- MediaTek Dimensity 7300 SoC- 50MP + depth sensor- 16MP selfie- in-display FP- 6/128GB , 8/128GB- 2TB expandable via microSD- 5,000mAh battery, 33W charging- Android 14Pricing:Rs 15,999 & Rs 17,999 (discounted)Thoughts on this?— Yogesh Brar (@heyitsyogesh) June 26, 2024 As for its specifications, the smartphone is said to be available with a MediaTek Dimensity 7300 SoC in two RAM and storage variants. The base model is tipped to offer 6GB RAM and 128GB of storage, and the second variant could get 8GB RAM and 128GB of storage. The handset is tipped to support up to 2TB of storage expansion via microSD. The CMF Phone 1 is said to have 6.7-inch full-HD+ AMOLED panel with a 120Hz adaptive screen refresh rate and a typical brightness of 800 nits. The phone is tipped to offer an in-display fingerprint reader and run Android 14 out of the box. The tipster has even shared the company's software commitment, which is said to be at 2 years of software and 3 years of security updates. Nothing Phone 2a Review: Something New CMF Phone 1 additional detailsDisplay:- LTPS panel (30-120Hz)- Typical brightness: 800 nits, 2000 nits peak- Bezel like Phone 1Camera:- 4K 30fps support- No OIS (EIS only)- AI vivid mode- Sony sensor- IP52 rating- 2+3 years software cycle- Mono speakerThoughts?— Yogesh Brar (@heyitsyogesh) June 27, 2024 As per the tipster, the phone will offer a 50-megapixel primary rear camera which will be accompanied by a depth sensor. The primary camera is said to not offer OIS (only EIS) but will offer 4K video recording at 30fps. For selfies, the CMF Phone is said to come with a 16-megapixel front-facing camera. Nothing's CMF Phone 1 is tipped to pack a 5,000mAh battery and offer 33W wired fast charging. CMF Watch Pro Review: More for Less! The CMF Phone 1 is set to be unveiled on July 8, 2024 alongside the new CMF Buds Pro 2 and Watch Pro 2. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Will the Nothing Phone 2 serve as the successor to the Phone 1, or will the two co-exist? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 6 China Variant Front Design Revealed Ahead of July Launch; Will Get a Flat Display" ,  Realme GT 6 is all set to hit shelves in China in July. In the build-up to arrival, Realme has dropped an image on the Chinese microblogging platform revealing its design. The Realme GT 6 is seen with a flat-screen with thin bezels. The handset is already available in India and select global markets. The Indian variant has a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset under the hood, however, the Chinese variant is said to come with different specifications and design. The Chinese smartphone brand has posted images of Realme GT 6 on Weibo offering a look at its front and back design. It seems to have a flat-screen with a centrally located hole punch cutout to house the selfie shooter. The flat display has narrow bezels and the phone is shown in a white shade. Realme has used bio-based material for the Realme GT 6. The right side of the handset houses volume and power buttons. Realme GT 6 Review The Realme GT 6 is confirmed to go official in China next month. The Chinese version of the phone may have different specifications and look. It is said to include a 50-megapixel primary sensor and is tipped to feature a metal frame and a glass back. It is expected to be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. The Indian and global variant has a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC under the hood. Realme GT 6 price in India, specifications The Realme GT 6 is currently available in india in three RAM and storage configurations with a starting price tag of Rs. 40,999. It is offered in Fluid Sliver and Razor Green colour options. Realme GT Neo 6 Debuts With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC : See Price A 6.78-inch 8T LTPO AMOLED display with up to 6,000 nits brightness, up to 16GB of RAM and up to 512B of storage are the key highlights of the Realme GT 6. It sports a triple rear camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-808 sensor with OIS support, a 50-megapixel Samsung JN5 telephoto sensor, and an 8-megapixel Sony IMX355 ultra wide-angle camera. It has a 32-megapixel selfie camera and is backed by a 5,500mAh battery with support for 120W charging support. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "eRupee Sees Drop in Activity as Banks Pull Back on Promotion Efforts: Report" ,  India's eRupee CBDC, that is presently in its advanced trial period, is reportedly facing decline in terms of its usage. Citing sources familiar with the matter, a Reuters report has claimed that CBDC transactions that had hit the mark of one million transactions per day in December 2023, has dropped to just around 100,000 daily transactions as of now. However, neither the finance ministry nor the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has accepted or denied Reuter's report. What's leading to eRupee's decline? The eRupee CBDC is being developed and tested by the RBI. In 2023, when the CBDC reached its advanced trial phase, the banks assisting the RBI in the eRupee trials decided to get creative with promoting its use amongst their individual as well as retail customers. Louisiana Joins Increasing List of US States that Support Crypto Mining In January 2024, multiple banks operating in India started disbursing funds related to employee benefit schemes -- directly into employees' CBDC wallets, instead of their salary accounts. This move was aimed at spiking the availability and use of the eRupee. The banks that practiced this included HDFC, Kotak Mahindra Bank, Axis Bank, Canara Bank, and IDFC First Bank. As per the Reuters report, these banks have now withdrawn this initiative leading to a drop in eRupee usage. “A lack of organic demand to use the e-rupee is evident,” the report quoted sources familiar with the matter as saying. What is the current status of the eRupee? The RBI, last year, had been directing banks to push the usage of the eRupee in order to test the flexibility of this system. At the time, Sharat Chandra, the co-founder of India Blockchain Forum had said that, “compensating employees using the CBDC is a good step.” In May this year however, reports about the wholesale circulation of the eRupee dropping, made it to the headlines. CoinDCX App Revamped with New ‘Web3 Mode’: All Details While the banks are no longer distributing salaries amongst employees in the form of eRupee, the RBI has hinted at its future plans to increase the CBDC use amongst the masses. For instance, the Apex bank recently said it was going to start circulating the digital rupee through payment system operators who are not part of the banking system – like Google Pay and PhonePe. While this plan was spoken about in May, the CBDC option has not yet rolled out on these UPI payment apps. The RBI is also looking to add an offline payments feature to make it usable for those in areas of low Internet connectivity. Efforts are underway to make the CBDC compatible with existing UPI QR codes, providing people with a familiar method to use the eRupee for daily transactions. Currently, the CBDC has not yet seen widespread use in India, and it remains uncertain when the future of this technology will become clear. A CBDC or a Cental Bank Digital Currency is a virtual representation of a fiat currency, supported on blockchain instead of traditional servers. A CBDC has several elements resembling cryptocurrencies like quick transactional speed, enhanced privacy, and maintaining permanent transactional records. Unlike cryptocurrencies, however, CBDCs are issued and regulated by central banks. India launched its CBDC with the trial phase starting in November 2022. Since then, the eRupee has been tested continuously in retail environments.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo Y28s 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC, IP64 Rating Unveiled" ,  Vivo Y28s 5G has been globally unveiled. The smartphone, succeeding the Vivo Y27s 5G, is powered by an octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset paired with up to 16GB of dynamic RAM. It runs on Android 14 out-of-the-box with Funtouch OS 14 on top and comes equipped with an IP64-rated build. The handset also carries a 50-megapixel dual rear camera system. The phone is listed on the company's global website but its price and availability details are yet to be announced. Vivo Y28s 5G design, colour options The dual rear camera system of the Vivo Y28s 5G is placed within a rectangular module in the top left corner. The two sensors are vertically arranged in separate circular units within the island alongside an LED flash unit. The front camera, on the other hand, is housed within a centred waterdrop notch at the top of the flat display. The power button and volume rocker are on the right edge. Vivo Y28s 5G has a glossy finish and is offered in two colour options - Mocha Brown and Twinkling Purple. It is listed on the global official website in a single RAM and storage configuration - 8GB + 256GB. Vivo Y28 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6020 SoC Debuts in India:: See Price Vivo Y28s 5G specifications, features The Vivo Y28s 5G sports a 6.56-inch HD+ (1,612 x 720 pixels) LCD screen with a 90Hz refresh rate and 840nits brightness level. The handset is powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset paired with 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM and 256GB of eMMC 5.1 onboard storage. The RAM can be virtually expanded by an additional 8GB, and the phone also supports microSD cards up to 1TB. The handset ships with Android 14-based Funtouch OS 14. In the camera department, the Vivo Y28s 5G is equipped with a 50-megapixel primary sensor alongside a 2-megapixel secondary sensor at the back and an 8-megapixel sensor at the front. It also comes with an IP64 rating for dust and splash resistance. Vivo Y28s 5G is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 15W charging support. It also supports dual-band WiFi, Bluetooth, 5G, and USB Type-C connectivity as well as NFC in select regions like Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Taiwan, and Europe. The phone also carries a 3.5mm audio jack and a side-mounted fingerprint sensor. Vivo T3 Lite 5G Specifications, Colourways Tipped Ahead of India Launch


Vivo Pad 3 Design, Colourways, RAM and Storage Variants Revealed The handset weighs 185g and measures 163.63 x 75.58 x 8.39mm for the brown variant, while the purple version measures 8.53mm in thickness.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Figma Introduces a Redesigned Platform and New Generative AI Features" ,  Figma, the website and app design platform, introduced a user interface (UI) redesign and multiple new artificial intelligence (AI) features, on Wednesday. The company is calling the new look UI3 as this is the third significant redesign of the platform since its launch in closed beta in 2016. Alongside, a suite of new AI features has also been introduced, including tools such as Visual Search, Asset Search, text and image generation, and more. One AI feature even turns static mocks into interactive prototypes. The new platform and features are being rolled out as a part of a limited beta. Figma's UI3 redesign In a blog post, Figma said the older design was “becoming unapproachable to newcomers” and it wanted to introduce new ways to interact with user experience (UX) design elements that did not exist a decade ago. The new Figma UI3 comes with resizable panels and a slim new toolbar at the bottom of the canvas. Another major change has come to the layout options. All options including width, height, and Auto Layout have now been merged into a single panel.  Figma's UI3 layoutPhoto Credit: Figma  Figma said it was departing from its minimalist UI with sharp edges and abstract icons to focus on usability over decoration. With UI3, users will get backgrounds on inputs, borders around dropdowns, rounded corners, and 200 hand-drawn icons by designer Tim Van Damme. Figma AI features While the redesign is a significant addition, Figma has also introduced several new AI features to automate and simplify users' workflows. The suite of features is called Figma AI, and the company is offering these tools for free during the beta period which will continue for the entirety of 2024. Here is a quick rundown of the notable AI features: Visual Search — It will let users find and reuse designs by uploading an image and selecting an area on the canvas. The feature will also work by entering a text query. Asset Search — The existing feature will now use AI to understand the semantic meaning and context behind search queries to find the most relevant components and assets. Content Generation — Users will be able to generate realistic copy and images to fill out the pages to create engaging mockups. Remove image background — As the name suggests, it will let users isolate subjects from images without the need to switch tools. Make Prototype — It can turn static mockups into interactive prototypes, allowing users to see the flow of the interface at the ideation level. Rename Layers — It will let users rename the layers with a single click. The AI will use contextual titles to rename them. Make Designs — In the Actions panel, it will generate UI layouts and component options using text prompts. This can effectively generate the first draft of the design which can be edited manually. Figma also highlighted that the generative AI features are powered by third-party, out-of-the-box AI models which were not trained on private Figma files or customer data. However, the company also highlighted the need to train AI models on Figma-specific design concepts and patterns. For this, it will let the Figma admins decide whether or not their team's data is used to train the AI. The post further added that this decision will not affect whether or not they can use the AI tools. This optional training will come into effect starting August 15. Both Figma UI3 and Figma AI are currently available in limited beta. Interested users can join the waitlist directly from Figma by navigating to the bottom and clicking the “?” icon. Honor Showcases New AI Technology That Will Protect Your Eyes


Amazon Is Reportedly Working on This AI Chatbot That Could Rival ChatGPT


OpenAI’s Advanced Voice Mode Feature for ChatGPT Has Been Delayed Apart from these, Figma has also introduced a new presentation tool dubbed Figma Slides in open beta. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ Confirmed to Launch in July; Tipped to Get Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, 5,500mAh Battery" ,  iQoo unveiled the Neo 9 and Neo 9 Pro at the end of last year. The iQoo Neo 9s Pro was launched in May with a MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset. Now, the Chinese tech brand has confirmed the arrival of a new Neo series phone — iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ —in its home country. The forthcoming handset is teased to come in a dual-tone finish. Additionally, a Chinese tipster has shared insights about the specifications of iQoo Neo 9s Pro+. It is expected to run on Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. The Vivo sub-brand announced on Weibo that the launch of iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ will take place in China in July. iQoo has shared multiple readers on the Chinese social media platform revealing the dual-tone design of the phone. It is shown in blue and white shades with a flat-screen and dual rear cameras. The design looks identical to the iQoo Neo 9s Pro. iQoo has partnered with the NBA for this launch. iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ specifications (leaked) iQoo is yet to reveal the specifications of iQoo Neo 9s Pro+, but tipster Digital Chat Station claims it will arrive with three major upgrades over iQoo's Neo 9 Pro. It is said to feature a 6.78-inch OLED screen with 1.5K resolution and a 144Hz refresh rate. It could include a dedicated graphics chip for enhanced gaming experience. It is tipped to run on Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset alongside LPDDR5x RAM and UFS 4.0 storage. iQoo Z9x Review: Budget 5G Redefined? The top-end variant of iQoo Neo 9s Pro+ is expected to carry 16GB of RAM and 512GB of storage. It is said to include an ultrasonic in-display fingerprint sensor and a 5,500mAh battery that supports 120W fast charging. The phone could come with a plastic frame. It is likely to feature a 50-megapixel main camera with OIS support and a 50-megapixel ultra-wide lens. On the front, it is expected to get a 16-megapixel camera. iQoo Z9 Lite Launch Timeline, Colour Options Tipped Outside of the iQoo Neo 9s Pro+, the tipster also shed light on the rumoured iQoo Z9 Turbo+, which is said to get a MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Z Flip 6, Watch 7 and Buds 3 Pre-Order Reservations Begin in India Ahead of Galaxy Unpacked" ,  Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 and Galaxy Z Fold 6 are expected to debut in the coming days as the latest foldable phones from the South Korean tech conglomerate. On Wednesday, Samsung announced that its next Galaxy Unpacked event of the year would take place on July 10, and the company has now opened pre-order reservations for the upcoming handsets, along with two other devices that are also expected to debut — the Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 lineup and the Galaxy Buds 3 series. Samsung Galaxy Unpacked pre-order reservations begin With 13 days left until Samsung unveils its next foldable phones, smartwatches, and TWS headsets, the company is allowing customers to make pre-order reservations for its upcoming products. Samsung's website shows four devices that resemble the Galaxy Z Fold 5, Galaxy Z Flip 5, Galaxy Watch 6 and Galaxy Buds 2.  Photo Credit: Screenshot/ Samsung  Samsung Galaxy Unpacked pre-order reservation offers According to Samsung's landing page for the Galaxy Unpacked event, pre-order reservations are priced at Rs. 1,999 for each of the upcoming Galaxy devices. Customers can avail of vouchers worth Rs. 7,000 and Rs. 3,999 when pre-reserving the company's anticipated Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 models, respectively. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Flip 6 Price Leak May Spell Bad News for Buyers The company is also offering vouchers worth Rs. 6,499 and Rs. 2,299, if they pre-reserve the purported Galaxy Watch 7 and Galaxy Buds 3 earphones, respectively. The company says that the pre-order reservation fee is refundable, if a customer decides not to purchase the devices after they are launched. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Watch Ultra, Buds 3 Details Leak Ahead of Launch


Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 May Come With a 3nm Chipset and AI Features


Samsung May Bump Up the Price of Galaxy Z Flip 6


Leaked Renders of Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra Suggest Familiar Design Samsung also says that customers who place a pre-order reservation ahead of the Galaxy Unpacked event will be the first to receive the devices, and will be offered better upgrade offers when trading in their old phone and will be eligible for the company's Assured Buyback programme. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp Reportedly Testing New Shortcut Button for Quick Replies to Video Notes" ,  WhatsApp introduced Instant Video Notes in 2023, enabling users to record and send 60-second video messages to others directly in chat. The instant messaging platform is now enhancing that feature by enabling quick replies for it, according to a report. The new option is said to be spotted in a beta version of WhatsApp for Android. This development comes just days after it was revealed that it was also working on a new in-app dialler for the Calls tab. Shortcut for quick replies to video notes According to feature tracker WABetaInfo, a new icon now appears alongside the instant video message feature. This is said to allow the user to quickly reply to the sender. The feature was reported in WhatsApp for Android beta app version 2.24.14.5.  New Quick Reply Shortcut for Video Notes on WhatsAppPhoto Credit: WABetaInfo At present, users need to manually open the message menu to reply to a specific video message. However, the update is speculated to make this process quicker and more convenient with the new quick reply option. Instead of having to go through menus, users can simply tap on the icon and reply to the sender without breaking the flow of the conversation. The feature tracker claims that the new quick replies for Instant Video Notes option is available to some beta testers who are on the latest version of WhatsApp for Android beta via the Google Play Beta program. Gadgets 360 staff members were able to access this feature, with a new quick reply button now appearing next to the video message. New in-App dialler WhatsApp is also reported to be developing another feature that aims to improve the calling experience – a new in-app dialler. It is said to appear as a floating action button (FAB) in the Calls tab. With this feature, users can even make calls to numbers which aren't saved on the smartphone. WhatsApp for Android May Get a New In-App Dialler in the Calls Tab


WhatsApp Stickers Get More Dynamic With New Framework Support


Meta AI Is Finally Coming to India, Will Be Powered by Llama 3 AI Model Furthermore, it is also speculated to enable users to save contacts from the dialler to the smartphone's address book, either as a new contact or an addition to an existing one. It may also offer the ability to check whether a given number is registered on WhatsApp. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Watch 2R Global Variant Reportedly Spotted on FCC, BIS Websites" ,  OnePlus Watch 2R is likely in the works. It may soon launch across different global markets. The company has yet to confirm the moniker. An upcoming smartwatch model, that has now surfaced on several certification sites, is speculated to be the OnePlus Watch 2R. Several key features of the purported OnePlus smartwatch including a few design elements have appeared on the listings. It is expected to be a slightly altered version of the existing OnePlus Watch 2, which was unveiled at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2024 in February. OnePlus Watch 2R launch (expected) A OnePlus smartwatch with the model number OPWWE234 was spotted on the FCC and Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) websites, spotted by MySmartPrice. Notably, tipster Max Jambor (@MaxJmb) recently hinted at the likely upcoming launch of the OnePlus Watch 2R in an X post. The report, therefore, speculated that the listed model could be this rumoured smartwatch. The report adds that the OPWWE234 model number likely represents the global variant of the purported OnePlus Watch 2R. Another upcoming smartwatch with the model number OPWW234 recently surfaced on TENAA. The report suggests that this previously spotted model could be the Chinese variant of the watch. OnePlus Watch 2 May Get a Successor Soon; New Watch Spotted Online The launch timeline of the OnePlus Watch 2R is not yet known. The several certifications hint that it may be unveiled soon. The BIS listing also suggests an imminent India launch. OnePlus is also launching a new Watch variant in China today. It is likely that the new variant could be available as Watch 2R globally. OnePlus Watch 2R features (expected) The FCC listing suggests that the OnePlus Watch 2R is likely to carry a 500mAh battery with the model number BLW013, according to the report. The smartwatch is also said to support dual-band Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, GLONASS, Galileo, BDS, and NFC connectivity. OnePlus Watch 2 With Up to 12 Days Battery Life Unveiled at MCW 2024


OnePlus Watch 2 Review The design renders of the purported OnePlus Watch 2R seen on the FCC listing suggest that the watch may come with heart rate sensors placed at the bottom. The previously spotted listing suggests that the rumoured Chinese variant of the watch is likely to support e-SIM with LTE connectivity as well as 10W charging.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 Tipped to Get a Massive Price Hike in Europe" ,  Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 are expected to launch at the Galaxy Unpacked event on July 10. Ahead of the event, the pricing of the handsets for the Europe region has been leaked, and it does not spell good news for potential buyers. According to a tipster, both smartphones may get a considerable bump in price this year, with the top-end variant of the Galaxy Z Fold 6 potentially becoming the most expensive mass-manufactured handset in the market. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 price (leaked) In a post on X (formerly Twitter), tipster Sudhanshu Ambhore (via SmartPrix) spilled information surrounding the price of the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6. The former is tipped to be available in three configurations: 12GB+256GB priced at EUR 2,200 (roughly Rs. 1,96,000), 12GB+512GB – EUR 2,330 (roughly Rs. 2,08,000), and 12GB+1TB – EUR 2,580 (roughly Rs. 2,30,000). If the leak turns out to be true, it would mean a whopping EUR 300 (roughly Rs. 26,000) increase in the handset's pricing compared to its predecessor, the Galaxy Z Fold 5, which costs EUR 1,899 (roughly Rs. 1,69,000) for the base 256GB storage configuration. It would also make the Galaxy Z Fold 6 the most expensive mass-manufactured smartphone in the market. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Watch Ultra, Buds 3 Details Leak Ahead of Launch On the other hand, the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 is also tipped to get a price increase. As per the tipster, the upcoming clamshell smartphone will be available in two variants: 12GB+256GB – EUR 1,330 (roughly Rs. 1,18,000) and 12GB+512GB – EUR 1,450 (roughly Rs. 1,30,000). This spells a bump of EUR 130 (roughly Rs. 11,000) in the price of the smartphone for the base model. Samsung Galaxy Unpacked July Samsung has announced that its second Galaxy Unpacked event of the year will take place on July 10 in Paris at 3pm CEST (6:30pm IST). At the event, the company is expected to unveil its upcoming foldable smartphones – the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6. Alongside the smartphones, the Galaxy Watch 7 series is also tipped to make its debut. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 May Come With a 3nm Chipset and AI Features


Samsung Galaxy Unpacked July 2024 Event Confirmed; Here's What to Expect Furthermore, Samsung may also announce its Galaxy Tab S10 lineup and the Galaxy Buds 3 series, while the Galaxy Ring may also be brought to the market. Announcements related to Galaxy AI – Samsung's suite of artificial intelligence (AI) features – are also expected. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Phone 1 Confirmed to Get Super AMOLED Display With 120Hz Refresh Rate and HDR Support" ,  CMF Phone 1 will feature a Super AMOLED display with support for HDR and a high refresh rate, the company confirmed via a social media post on Wednesday. The handset is scheduled to launch during Nothing's next Community Update on July 8 and will be the first-ever mobile device from CMF – the company's sub-brand. Ahead of its launch, CMF said that it will reveal one component of the smartphone every day leading up to the launch day, starting with the display specifications. CMF Phone 1 display In a post on X (formerly Twitter), the official CMF account posted that the CMF Phone 1 will feature a 6.67-inch Super AMOLED display. The screen will have a refresh rate of 120Hz and come with HDR support for “vibrant and lifelike colours”. Day 1 of revealing CMF Phone 1.Over the next 9 days we will reveal one component at a time, starting with our impressive 6.67" Super AMOLED display: enjoy smoother scrolling with a 120Hz refresh rate, vibrant and lifelike colours with HDR10+ support, and clear visibility in any… pic.twitter.com/7EXffVEQn9— CMF by Nothing (@cmfbynothing) June 26, 2024 A short video clip posted on CMF's Instagram page showed a comparison of the Phone 1's display with a traditional LCD panel. The smartphone's screen appears to have deeper blacks without any light bleeding, courtesy of the ability of AMOLED displays to turn off pixels individually. As per the company, it will be equipped with up to 2,000 nits of peak brightness for outdoor visibility. This announcement is part of the nine-day reveal of each component of the CMF Phone 1. Leading up to the launch, CMF will share details about one component of the handset every day. However, not all of them are expected to have a separate reveal considering that the CMF Phone 1 has over 3,000 components. In addition to this, the Carl Pei-led startup also announced a giveaway of one handset every day leading up to the launch day. CMF Phone specifications (expected) CMF Phone 1 is now confirmed to sport a 6.67-inch AMOLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate, corroborating previous leaks. It is tipped be equipped with a 50-megapixel dual camera system at the back and a 50-megapixel selfie shooter on the front, in terms of optics. The handset is said to be powered by an octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 7300 SoC. CMF Phone 1 Could Feature a Removable Back Plate, Teaser Suggests


Honor Showcases New AI Technology That Will Protect Your Eyes


Realme C61 India Price, Key Features Revealed: Check Availability, Offers CMF Phone 1 may be backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for 33W fast charging (wired). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iPhone Ports of Resident Evil, Death Stranding, Assassin's Creed Mirage Have Sold Poorly: Report" ,  The iPhone 15 Pro arrived last year, promising hardware capable of running triple-A games on mobile platforms. Several console titles have since been released for iOS, including games from the Resident Evil franchise, Death Stranding and, most recently, Assassin's Creed Mirage. Turns out that these major titles have not found many takers among iPhone users. A new report says that triple-A console games released on iPhone 15 Pro, iPhone 15 Pro Max and select iPad models have been commercial failures. According to analysis by mobilegamer.biz, the number of iPhone users paying full price to unlock these games beyond the early free playable section is small. The prices of these games can go up to Rs. 3,999 in India, but they're often initially offered at a 50 percent discount on the App Store. Assassin's Creed Mirage on iPhone From the report's calculations, based on Appfigures estimates, under 3,000 users paid $49.99 to fully unlock Assassin's Creed Mirage on iPhone 15 Pro. The Ubisoft title has reportedly been downloaded approximately 1,23,000 times from the App Store, with gross revenue amounting to $138,000 (roughly Rs. 1,15,30,452), according to the estimates. These numbers are miniscule compared to free-to-play games on mobile storefronts that often have millions of downloads. Death Stranding Director's Cut is Now Out on Apple's App Store The action-adventure title launched on Apple devices on June 6, While the introduction section of the game is playable for free, players need to buy the game on the App Store to play it fully. Till June 20, Assassin's Creed Mirage was available for Rs. 1,749 after a 50 percent discount.  Assassin's Creed Mirage introduction can be played for free on iPhonePhoto Credit: Ubisoft Resident Evil, Death Stranding on iPhone Other triple-A titles like Resident Evil 4, Resident Evil Village and Death Stranding Director's Cut haven't fared well, either. According to estimates mentioned in the report, Resident Evil 4 Remake, which was released on Apple devices in December last year, has seen 3,57,000 installs, with estimated revenue amounting to $208,000 (roughly Rs. 1,73,79,024). According to the report, the game's pricing suggests that around 7,000 people have paid to access the full game since it launched on iPhone. Assassin's Creed Mirage is Now Available on iPhone 15 Pro, M1 iPad Models Resident Evil Village, on the other hand, has recorded 3,70,000 App Store downloads, with estimated revenue of $92,000 (roughly Rs. 76,86,692). The data, based on the game's pricing, suggests that only around 5,750 users paid to unlock the full game. Death Stranding Director's Cut, which was ported to Apple devices by 505 Games in January, has generated an estimated revenue of $212,000 (roughly Rs. 1,77,12,812).  Resident Evil 4 Remake on iPhonePhoto Credit: Capcom A separate set of download and revenue data, quoted in the report based on estimates from data firm Appmagic, paints a slightly more positive picture. According to these estimates, Assassin's Creed Mirage has recorded $221,000 (roughly Rs. 1,84,64,992) in revenue from 2,79,000 downloads, while Resident Evil 4 has seen 710,000 installs since its launch, netting around $347,000 (roughly Rs. 2,89,92,544) to date for publisher Capcom. Data suggests that only 15,000 people paid to fully unlock the survival-horror title. Resident Evil 4 Remake Now Out on iPhone 15 Pro, iPad, Mac at Half Price Resident Evil Village, on the other hand, is at 8,17,000 downloads, generating $420,000 (roughly Rs. 3,50,91,840) in revenue. Finally, Death Stranding has collected $348,000 (roughly Rs. 2,90,75,748) in revenue since it launched on iPhone earlier this year, with estimates suggested the game has seen 23,000 downloads.  Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Lyne Coolpods TWS Earphones With Up to 240 Days Standby Launched in India: Price, Features" ,  Lyne has unveiled its Coolpods 27, Coolpods 37, Coolpods 38, and Coolpods 39 truly wireless stereo (TWS) earphones in India. The latest addition to the company's TWS audio lineup comes in different colour options with Bluetooth connectivity. The Lyne Coolpods 37 and Coolpods 38 have IPX3 rated build for water resistance while the Coolpods 27 are IPX4 rated for sweat resistance. The Lyne Coolpods 39 offer active noise cancellation (ANC) features to reduce external noise and are touted to deliver an impressive standby time of up to 240 days. Lyne Coolpods 27, Coolpods 37, Coolpods 38, Coolpods 39 price in India The newly launched Lyne Coolpods 27 are priced at Rs. 2,399 and they are available in Black, Blue, and Magenta colour options. The Lyne Coolpods 37 and Coolpods 38 are priced at Rs. 3,299 and they are offered in Black, Blue, and White shades. Finally, the Lyne Coolpods 39 have a price tag of Rs. 3,999 and are offered in Black, beige, and Purple colours. All four models are confirmed to be available at leading offline retail outlets across India. Lyne Coolpods 27, Coolpods 37, Coolpods 38, Coolpods 39 features The Lyne Coolpods 27 offer Bluetooth 5.3 connectivity for pairing with devices in a radius of 10 metres. They are IPX4-rated for sweat resistance. The wireless earphones are claimed to deliver up to 40 hours of music playback and 2,000 hours of standby time on a single charge. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Watch Ultra, Buds 3 Details Leak Ahead of Launch Lyne's Coolpods 37 and Coolpods 38 are gaming-centric earbuds with Bluetooth 5.4 connectivity. They have an IPX3-rated build and are said to offer up to 30 hours of music playback time, 35 hours of talk time and 300 hours of standby time on a single charge. Finally, Lyne's Coolpods 39 are the ANC-enabled earbuds in the lineup. They are claimed to deliver up to 50 hours of music playback time, up to 55 hours of talk time, and up to 240 days of standby time on a single charge. They offer Bluetooth 5.3 connectivity. Sennheiser Accentum TWS With Up to 28-Hour Total Battery Life Debut in India    Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Honor Unveils AI-Powered Defocus Eye Protection, Deepfake Detection Technologies at MWC Shanghai 2024" ,  Honor unveiled two new artificial intelligence (AI) innovations at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2024, on Monday. The smartphone maker introduced an AI Defocus Eye Protection technology that can reduce the risk of myopia or nearsightedness that occurs from staring at a display for too long. It also showcased an AI-powered Deepfake Detection technology that can detect videos that are either made or altered using synthetic means and AI. Interestingly, the company said that both features will be implemented on-device instead of being powered via cloud servers. Honor unveils new AI technologies According to a newsroom post by MWC Shanghai, the Chinese consumer technology brand showcased new on-device AI innovations aimed at creating user safety. The announcements were made during Honor's keynote session at the event titled “The Human-AI Synergy: Intelligent Devices Will Empower People Better”. Alongside introducing the new technological advancements, the company also highlighted the need to build human-centric on-device AI features which are accelerated by dedicated hardware to protect user privacy.  Honor's AI Defocus Eye ProtectionPhoto Credit: MWC Shanghai/Honor  The AI Defocus Eye Protection is designed to tackle the global rise in cases of nearsightedness which is caused by long-duration screen usage, the company said. Various studies have shown the effectiveness of peripheral defocus lenses in controlling myopia among individuals. These glasses create an altered visual perception that slows down the eye elongation process responsible for the eye disorder. Now, Honor's technology uses AI to simulate defocus glasses to a smart device's display. As per the company, the AI Defocus Eye Protection can decrease users' transient myopia by 13 degrees on average after using it for 25 minutes. Citing research, the brand said some users have even experienced a maximum reduction of 75 degrees.  Honor's AI Deepfake DetectionPhoto Credit: MWC Shanghai/Honor  Deepfakes have also been a major problem in recent years, accelerated by the introduction of video-generation AI models. Many AI scientists, tech firms, and regulatory bodies have acknowledged its role in spreading misinformation and manipulating people. Honor's AI Deepfake Detection is an on-device technology that can analyse videos frame-by-frame to check for information such as “eye contact, lighting, image clarity, and video playback that are imperceptible to the human eyes.” Honor Play 60 Plus With Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC Launched: See Price


Honor Magic V Flip With 4-Inch Cover Screen Debuts


Honor 200, Honor 200 Pro Launched Globally Alongside Honor 200 Lite The AI technology was trained using a large dataset of videos and images relating to online scams. The company claims that it can perform identification, screening, and comparison within three seconds. The feature can display a risk warning if a deepfake is detected. Honor says this can help protect people from falling for scams. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Amazon Reportedly Working on a Multimodal AI Chatbot to Take on OpenAI's ChatGPT" ,  Amazon is reportedly working on developing an artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot that can rival OpenAI's ChatGPT. The company's internal project is said to be code-named Metis. As per the report, the under-development chatbot will be able to perform all the general tasks of generative AI such as creating text content, responding to queries, and more. It will reportedly also support image generation and have access to the internet. The report further claims that the new AI platform could be launched in September 2024, around the time when Amazon hosts its annual Devices and Services event. Amazon could soon launch its own AI chatbot According to a Business Insider report, the e-commerce giant aims to directly compete with ChatGPT with its in-house AI model. Citing people familiar with the project, the publication claims that the project is codenamed Metis, after the Greek goddess of wisdom, prudence, and deep thought. The chatbot is being designed to be accessed through a web browser, similar to most popular AI chatbots. Based on an internal document obtained by the publication, it claimed that the Metis chatbot will be powered by the company's in-house AI model called Olympus. It is said to be more advanced than the existing Titan large language model (LLM) that powers some of Amazon's products. Amazon Reportedly Struggling to Make Alexa Smarter In its functionality, the AI chatbot is said to be able to perform text-based tasks such as having conversations, answering queries, and generating content. Additionally, it can also generate images, as per the report. This suggests that Metis will use a multimodal AI model. Notably, ChatGPT cannot generate images, but users can get a subscription to Dall-E and use it via ChatGPT. Metis to use retrieval-augmented generative AI framework The Metis chatbot will reportedly work on the retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) AI framework. The mechanism improves the quality of responses by using a combination of text generation and information retrieval from large datasets. It is said that the chatbot will be able to access and retrieve information from the internet. Amazon to Buy Some Assets of MX Player in a Deal Worth $100 Million For instance, it will be able to show near real-time stock price updates which is something many AI chatbots struggle with. However, both GPT-4o-powered ChatGPT and Gemini can do this. The report claims that the project is being developed by the company's Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) division which is led by the Senior Vice President and Head Scientist Rohit Prasad. At the same time, Amazon CEO Andy Jassy is also said to be very involved with the project. Amazon Could Charge Fee for Unprofitable Alexa Service, Plans AI Revamp The report highlights that some employees are concerned that Amazon might be too late into the AI chatbot race, which is already getting a bit too crowded. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple Watch Series 10 Design Revealed in Alleged CAD Renders; Tipped to Get 2-Inch Display" ,  Apple is expected to unveil its Watch Series 10 or Watch X series in September this year alongside the iPhone 16 family. The tenth generation of the company's popular wrist wearable is rumoured to undergo a major overhaul this year and a set of alleged CAD (computer-aided design) renders reaffirms these rumours. The renders offer a glimpse into the possible design of the Apple Watch Series 10 by showing a thinner build and a larger display. The forthcoming smartwatches could come with a new blood pressure monitoring feature. Apple Watch Series 10 design 91Mobiles leaked CAD renders of the upcoming Apple Watch Series 10. The renders, allegedly sourced from industry insiders, indicate that the device will sport a 2-inch display, making it larger than the Apple Watch Series 9 and Apple Watch Ultra 2. The former has a 1.7-inch screen while the Ultra variant sports a 1.93-inch display. Apple Watch Series 10 is said to measure roughly 46 x 39.7 x 11.6mm. These dimensions suggests that the new model could be thinner than the Watch Ultra and larger than the Watch Series 9. Despite these updates, the upcoming model appears to retain the digital crown, square display and side button from previous models. The wearables will reportedly offer a magnetic band connection system. Apple Watch to Gain Automatic Sleep Tracking Support With watchOS 11  Apple Watch Series 10 CAD rendersPhoto Credit: 91Mobiles  As per past reports, Apple Watch Series 10 will sport a low-temperature polycrystalline oxide (LTPO) OLED screen along with thin-film transistor (TFT) technology. It could offer better battery life compared to its predecessor. Apple Watch Users May Soon Be Able to Change Default Ringtone Apple is also expected to add a blood pressure monitoring feature to the next-generation wearable, which would be the first major feature to be added to the wearable in the past few years. This feature would allow wearers to understand the trends in blood pressure. The Apple Watch Series 10 is expected to be unveiled in September alongside the iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Pro models. The Apple Watch Series 9 was launched in India in September last year with a starting price tag of Rs. 41,900, while Apple Watch Ultra 2 pricing starts at Rs. 89,900. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Moto Tag Bluetooth Tracker With UWB Connectivity, Find My Device Network Support Launched" ,  Moto Tag was launched on Tuesday as a Bluetooth tracker for Android devices with an ultra-wideband (UWB) chip. Location trackers have been around for years, enabling people to locate lost or stolen items through their smartphones and other devices. While Tile and Apple are one of the biggest names in this market, the latter's AirTag is only compatible with Apple devices. On Android, Tile offers multiple location-tracking solutions, which Motorola's new Moto Tag is set to compete with. Moto Tag price Moto Tag is priced at $29 (roughly Rs. 2,423) while a pack of four will be available for $99 (roughly Rs. 8,273) in the US starting on August 2, according to The Verge. The company is yet to update its website with the price of the tracker, and it is currently unclear whether it will be introduced in other markets, including India. Moto Tag specifications, features The newly announced Moto Tag offers support for Google's Find My Device network, which was recently launched by the search giant. Motorola claims that the tracker will provide precise location-tracking capabilities when paired with a UWB-supported smartphone such as the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra or the Google Pixel 8. Moto Razr 50 Ultra Confirmed to Launch in India on This Date The device also features a dedicated multi-function button, which Motorola says can ping the smartphone to locate it. Furthermore, it can also be used as a remote capture button when taking photos on any Android smartphone. It also supports Google Fast Pair to simplify the setup process. With the standalone Moto Tag app, users can also change the name of the tag, adjust the alert volume, and check battery life. The company says its Bluetooth tracker protects the user's privacy by offering end-to-end encryption of their location. This means only the owner of the Moto Tag as well as those its location is shared with, can locate it. Motorola says the device supports automatic unknown tracker alerts on both Android and iOS platforms, meaning users will be alerted if an unknown party attempts to track their location. Additionally, they can also run a manual scan to check for unwanted trackers following them. How to use AirTag to Find Lost Things


Moto G85 5G With Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 Chipset Listed Online: See Price Moto Tag is claimed to be compatible with third-party accessories and can be attached to valuables. For durability, it is IP67-rated, allowing it to withstand immersion in water for up to 1 metre for up to 30 minutes. It is equipped with a CR2032 battery which is said to last a year on a single charge. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 Series, Galaxy Watch Ultra and Galaxy Buds 3 Series Price, Specifications Leaked" ,  Samsung Galaxy Unpacked will take place on July 10, and the firm's Galaxy Watch 7 series and Galaxy Buds 3 series are expected to be released at the event alongside the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Z Flip 6 phones. Ahead of the debut of these wearables and audio products, a publication has leaked details of their specifications, colourways and pricing, leaving very little to the imagination before the launch event takes place next month. Passionategeekz has leaked the pricing and specifications of new Samsung Galaxy wearables and earbuds that are expected to debut in July. As per the report, Samsung will bring 4G and Bluetooth versions of Galaxy Watch 7 in 40mm and 44mm size options this time as a successor to the Galaxy Watch 6 series. We could also see a brand-new Galaxy Watch Ultra model with a 47mm size and a more affordable Galaxy Watch FE, according to the report. Meanwhile, the new audio lineup is said to include Galaxy Buds 3 and Galaxy Buds 3 Pro. Samsung Music Frame Speaker With Dolby Atmos Sound Debuts in India Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch FE, Galaxy Watch Ultra, Galaxy Buds 3 series price (rumoured) Samsung's Galaxy Watch 7 (40mm, Bluetooth) will reportedly retail for $304 (roughly Rs. 25,000), while the 4G version is said to cost $389 (roughly Rs. 32,000). The Galaxy Watch FE is said to be priced at $206 (roughly Rs. 17,000) and the Galaxy Watch Ultra might retail for $664 (roughly Rs. 55,000), as per the report. The upcoming Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro model is tipped to start at $179 (roughly Rs. 14,000) and the Galaxy Buds 3 is said to retail for $129 (roughly Rs. 10,000). The Galaxy Watch 7 will reportedly be available in cream, green and silver colours. The Galaxy Watch Ultra is said to be launched in titanium grey, titanium silver and titanium white colours, while the Galaxy Watch FE could come in black, pink gold and silver colours. The Galaxy Buds 3 series could be released in white and silver shades. Samsung May Bump Up the Price of Galaxy Z Flip 6 Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch FE, Galaxy Watch Ultra, The Galaxy Watch 7 series will reportedly be equipped with a new processor and faster charging speeds. It is expected to offer improved heart rate monitoring, sleep tracking, fitness tracking, ECG and blood oxygen monitoring. Both Bluetooth and 4G versions could allow users to stay connected to the device even when they leave their phones behind. Users might be able to make calls and send messages directly from the 4G version of the smartwatch. The Galaxy Buds 3 are said to feature upgraded audio drivers and support for active noise cancellation (ANC) functionality. They are said to provide up to ten hours of playback on a single charge. A combination of the earbuds with a charging case could offer additional playback time. They are likely to retain the ergonomic design and could be offered in multiple ear tip sizes. They are said to have an IPX4 rating for water and sweat resistance and Bluetooth 5.3 connectivity. The upcoming Galaxy Buds 3 Pro is said to offer high-fidelity audio with a dual-driver system. They could also feature ANC, customisable ear tips, wireless charging support and quick charge capabilities. The earbuds are said to include an ambient mode with adjustable levels. They could have an IPX7 rating against sweat and water and could provide access to Samsung's smart features as well as its Bixby assistant.    Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OpenAI's Voice Mode Feature for ChatGPT Delayed, Alpha Testing to Begin in July" ,  OpenAI on Tuesday announced that it was delaying the launch of its advanced Voice Mode for ChatGPT with emotive expressions and real-time responses. The artificial intelligence (AI) firm showcased the feature during last month's Spring Updates event alongside its latest GPT-4o model. OpenAI now plans to start alpha testing for the voice mode next month. The company did not share details regarding other features demonstrated at the event such as real-time video processing and screen-sharing capabilities for its chatbot. OpenAI delays launch of GPT-4o features In a post on X (formerly Twitter), OpenAI posted an update about the advanced Voice Mode feature. As demonstrated last month, the feature is powered by GPT-4o and allows ChatGPT to respond to prompts and queries verbally in real time. The chatbot was also shown to modulate its voice, express emotions, and even sing. This feature was one of the central announcements of the OpenAI event. However, the company has now confirmed that it will not arrive before July. There are several reasons behind the delay, and OpenAI says that it is working on the feature's ability to detect and refuse certain content. It is also scaling its infrastructure to let millions of users access real-time voice responses without any lag. OpenAI's ChatGPT App for macOS Now Available For All Users The current plan is to release the feature to a small group of ChatGPT Plus users as a part of its alpha testing programme. Based on the feedback and learnings, the AI firm then plans to roll out the feature to all Plus users in the fall, without sharing a concrete launch timeline. Additionally, the company also acknowledged the delays in deploying other features showcased in the event. For instance, the ability of ChatGPT to see the surroundings through the user's video feed and interact with it in real-time and the screen-sharing capabilities also do not have a release timeline. OpenAI said it will keep users posted about it. Apple Not Paying OpenAI for ChatGPT on iOS 18, macOS Sequoia: Report


OpenAI, Google DeepMind Workers Demand the Right to Warn About AI Risks Separately, the AI firm launched its ChatGPT app for macOS on Tuesday for all users. The app comes with new features such as shortcut keys for quick launch, loading screenshots directly into the app, and support for the standard Voice Mode. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Meta Quest Tipped to Gain Support for Free Window Placement Feature Found on Apple Vision Pro" ,  Meta Quest may incorporate a popular feature similar to the Apple Vision Pro which lets users place windows freely, according to claims on social media. The feature was reported as experimental in the latest beta update for the mixed-reality headset. This development comes just a month after Meta rolled out Travel Mode – an option that allows users to use the VR headset mixed-reality headset during flights in passthrough mode, another feature that was previously unveiled on Apple's mixed-reality headset. Meta Quest's Experimental Feature In a post on X (formerly Twitter), user @Lunayian shared details about a “New Window Layout” feature for the Meta Quest. It was spotted in Meta Horizon OS version 67, available via the Meta Quest Public Test Channel. In an attached video, it appears to let the user freely place windows anywhere on the screen, while also offering support for dragging windows to change their placement. Meta Quest OS v67 PTCSettings > Experimental Features > New Window Layout pic.twitter.com/jDq0hdoCOV— Luna (@Lunayian) June 25, 2024 Although Meta Quest offers multitasking features with multiple windows, it only permits placing them in a side-by-side layout. With the new experimental feature, up to three windows can be placed freely. Alongside this feature, the update also adds multi-orientation support for Quest. It is claimed that users may be able to place the virtual keyboard horizontally, virtually or at an angle. To access this feature, users can navigate to the settings menu and then select the Experimental Features option, and then toggle the New Window Layout feature to enable free window placement. Expansion of Horizon OS In May, Meta Platforms announced the expansion of Horizon OS support to third-party device manufacturers and brands. As part of the efforts, the Meta Quest Store was rebranded to Meta Horizon Store. The company revealed that it is already working with brands such as Asus ROG and Lenovo to develop gaming and entertainment-focused headsets, respectively. Meta Incorrectly Labels KKR’s IPL Winning Photo as ‘Made by AI’


Apple Is Not Looking to Integrate Meta AI Into Its Devices: Report


Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses Get New Features With Latest Update It also introduced a dedicated section with the Meta Horizon Store for App Lab titles, in addition to the development of a new spatial app framework, enabling developers to bring mixed-reality experiences to its marketplace. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "BSNL Reportedly Suffers Major Data Breach Affecting 278GB of User and Operational Data" ,  Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) has reportedly suffered a data breach and the threat actor involved is allegedly claiming to have possessed sensitive user and operational data. The government-owned telecom provider's servers were attacked, and the hackers now possess SIM card details, home location register data, and server-related critical security keys, as per the report. It is said that the stolen data can be misused to carry out criminal activities such as SIM card cloning, identity theft, and even extortion. Threat Actor Reportedly Breaches BSNL Servers Citing a data breach report by the digital risk management firm Athenian Tech, News18 reports that the threat actor behind the cyberattack goes by the name “kiberphant0m”. It appears to be the hacker's dark web forum username. It cannot be confirmed whether the data breach was conducted by an individual or a group of hackers. As per the report, around 278GB of data was compromised from BSNL's telecom operations. The breached data is said to go beyond user data and includes server snapshots that can be used to carry out further attacks and create severe security risks. The threat actor claims to possess critical information such as International Mobile Subscriber Identity (IMSI) numbers, SIM card details, PIN codes, authentication keys, and more. Reportedly, it also includes snapshots of BSNL's SOLARIS servers. Redmi Note 14 Pro Early Leak Suggests 50-Megapixel Main Camera The threat actor has reportedly offered to sell the breached data for $5,000 (roughly Rs. 4.18 lakh). Talking about the exposed data on a dark web forum, the hacker allegedly also discussed the possibility of misusing it for criminal activities such as SIM cloning, identity theft, and extortion. “While the specific vulnerabilities exploited by ‘kiberphant0m' have not been publicly disclosed, access to critical systems like the Home Location Register (HLR) and SOLARIS server snapshots indicates a deep penetration likely facilitated by exploiting software vulnerabilities or using sophisticated social engineering techniques. The inclusion of server snapshots suggests possible exploitation of known vulnerabilities within BSNL's server infrastructure, emphasising the need for rigorous patch management and security updates,” Kanishk Gaur, CEO of Athenian Tech told the publication. Google Search Results May Not Offer Infinite Scrolling Anymore


Nokia 220 4G 2024, Nokia 235 4G 2024 Feature Phones Launched in India The alleged data breach poses a serious threat to millions of BSNL users whose sensitive information might have been compromised. Notably, the telecom operator suffered a similar data breach in December 2023. Gadgets 360 has reached out to BSNL for a comment on the story, and we will update the article once we receive a reply. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Realme C61 Price in India, Key Features Revealed Ahead of June 28 Launch" ,  Realme C61 will be launched in India on June 28. The company had previously some design specifications for the upcoming handset. It has now revealed the price as well as the RAM and storage configurations of the phone. Availability alongside sale and offer details have also been confirmed. Realme has also listed some of the phone's key features and its colour options. The upcoming entry-level smartphone will succeed the Realme C51 which was unveiled in the country in September 2023. Realme C61 price in India, offers, availability Realme C61 price in India will start at Rs. 7,699 for the 4GB + 64GB option, while the 4GB + 128GB and 6GB + 128GB variants will be priced at Rs. 8,499 and Rs. 8,999, respectively. The company has also announced that ICICI, SBI, and HDFC Bank customers can get the 6GB + 128GB version of the Realme C61 with a Rs. 900 discount, at an effective price of Rs. 8,099 via online channels during the first sale period. Realme GT 6 Might Launch in China With Different Design, Chipset The first sale period of the Realme C61 in India will start at 12pm IST on June 28 on both online and offline channels. This period ends on July 2 on Flipkart and the Realme India website, while it closes for offline retail stores on July 1. Notably, only the 4GB variants will be available for offline purchase, according to the press release. Realme C61 features The Realme C61, confirmed to arrive in Marble Black and Safari Green shades, will be powered by a Unisoc T612 chipset paired with up to 8GB dynamic RAM. It will also pack a 5,000mAh battery and be equipped with a 32-megapixel main camera. The design suggests that the front-facing camera will be placed with a centred waterdrop notch at the top of the display. Realme V60, Realme V60s With 32-Megapixel Rear Camera Launched: See Price


Realme Buds Air 6 Pro With Up to 50dB ANC Debut in India The handset will also measure 7.84mm in thickness and weigh 187g. The Realme C61 has also been confirmed to launch with an IP54-rated build for dust and splash resistance. It is also set to carry ArmorShell Protection and TÜV Rheinland High Reliability Certification.   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Reddit to Update Web Standard to Block Automated Data Scraping From Its Website" ,  Social media platform Reddit said on Tuesday it will update a Web standard used by the platform to block automated data scraping from its website, following reports that AI startups were bypassing the rule to gather content for their systems. The move comes at a time when artificial intelligence firms have been accused of plagiarizing content from publishers to create AI-generated summaries without giving credit or asking for permission. Reddit said that it would update the Robots Exclusion Protocol, or "robots.txt," a widely accepted standard meant to determine which parts of a site are allowed to be crawled. Google Signs Licensing Deal to Train Its AI Models on Reddit Content The company also said it will maintain rate-limiting, a technique used to control the number of requests from one particular entity, and will block unknown bots and crawlers from data scraping - collecting and saving raw information - on its website. More recently, robots.txt has become a key tool that publishers employ to prevent tech companies from using their content free-of-charge to train AI algorithms and create summaries in response to some search queries. Last week, a letter to publishers by the content licensing startup TollBit said that several AI firms were circumventing the web standard to scrape publisher sites. Reddit Says 80 Percent Top Subreddits Open After Protest Blackout This follows a Wired investigation which found that AI search startup Perplexity likely bypassed efforts to block its Web crawler via robots.txt. Earlier in June, business media publisher Forbes accused Perplexity of plagiarizing its investigative stories for use in generative AI systems without giving credit. Reddit said on Tuesday that researchers and organizations such as the Internet Archive will continue to have access to its content for non-commercial use. © Thomson Reuters 2024  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Redmi Note 14 Pro Early Leak Hints at 50-Megapixel Main Camera, 1.5K Display" ,  Redmi Note 13 series was launched in India in January. It is expected that the Redmi Note 14, Redmi Note 14 Pro, and Redmi Note 14 Pro+ could launch soon as successors to the Redmi Note 13 lineup. While the Xiaomi sub-brand remains tight-lipped about the new lineup, a Chinese tipster has leaked details about the Redmi Note 14 Pro. The upcoming phone might see a downgrade in the camera department. On top of that, it could feature a 1.5K resolution display like its predecessor. Redmi Note 14 camera, display specifications leaked Tipster Digital Chat Station posted a few details of the Redmi Note 14 Pro on Weibo. According to the leak, the phone will feature a 50-megapixel "large" primary sensor, but could lack a telephoto camera on the back. The phone is said to feature a 1.5K resolution display with a hole punch cutout on the centre, just like the Redmi Note 13 Pro. The display is said to be a dual "micro-curved" screen. For comparison, Xiaomi packed a triple rear camera setup headlined by a 200-megapixel primary camera with OIS on the Redmi Note 13 Pro. This main sensor is paired with an 8-megapixel ultra-wide-angle camera and a 2-megapixel macro camera. The handset also features a 16-megapixel selfie camera Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G Is Now Available in This Colour Option in India The Redmi Note 14 series previously appeared in the IMEI database pointing to a potential launch timeline in September. The Redmi Note 14 Pro is expected to be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 7s Gen 3 SoC. It is said to pack a 5,000mAh battery. Xiaomi 14 Civi With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC Debuts in India: See Price Meanwhile, the Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G launched in India in January this year with a starting price tag of Rs. 25,999. It features a 6.67-inch 1.5K (1,220x2,712 pixels) AMOLED screen and is powered by a Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 chip with up to 12GB of RAM. The phone houses a 5,100mAh battery with support for 67W charging.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Will Stop Offering Continuous Scroll in Search Results on Mobile and Desktop: Report" ,  Google is one of the world's most popular search engines but it is also infamous for killing its products. In fact, there is a standalone website dedicated to tracking every product and service killed by the tech giant. The latest feature to be discontinued is the continuous scroll in search results, just two years after it was introduced. According to a report, Google has announced that it will soon stop offering infinite scrolling when it comes to Search results on both mobile and desktop platforms, opting for a page-by-page lookup format instead. No continuous scroll in Google search results Google first introduced continuous search results on mobile in 2021 and it made its way to the desktop platform a year later. However, it is now reportedly being discontinued. According to a Search Engine Land report, the Mountain View-based tech giant is rolling back the feature and will prioritise a search-by-page-number format instead. A Google spokesperson reportedly said that the feature will be discontinued for the desktop platforms starting today, while it will be rolled back on mobile devices “in the coming months”. Google Pixel 9 Series Set to Launch in India on This Date In place of continuous search, desktop users will reportedly now see page numbers followed by a Next option below the Goooooooooogle logo. On mobile devices, a More results option is speculated to be introduced that will load the next search results page. As per the report, users would need to turn to the next page after every 10 search results or so. The reason behind it? Google reportedly said that fetching search results automatically didn't result in higher satisfaction with the search engine. “This change is to allow the search company to serve the search results faster on more searches, instead of automatically loading results that users haven't explicitly requested”, the company added. Google's AI troubles Meanwhile, Google Search has been in the news over the last few weeks but not for the right reasons. The search engine introduced several artificial intelligence (AI) features on its platform, promising quicker and better search results. However, one of the highlighted features, known as AI Overviews, began spewing false and somewhat bizarre information, some of which were based on dubious search results. Google Said to Be Working on AI Chatbots Based on Celebrities


Google Gemini to Soon Be Available to Teen Students in Over 100 Countries While Google claimed that AI Overviews only displayed information “backed up by top web results”, the search tool's error was attributed to it facing troubles while filtering out satirical and nonsensical content. The feature has since been scaled down by a large extent, and a report suggests it is showing up for just 15 percent of search queries. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Nokia 220 4G 2024, Nokia 235 4G 2024 Feature Phones Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Nokia 220 4G and Nokia 235 4G 2024 variants have been launched in India alongside the Nokia 3210. The newly introduced feature phones come with 2.8-inch IPS LCD screens and are said to offer up to 9.8 hours of battery life. The handsets also have support for UPI transactions as well as Cloud Apps. The latter helps users access entertainment, business or educational content through the Web. The Nokia 220 and Nokia 235 feature phones also come pre-installed with the classic Snake game. Nokia 220 4G 2024, Nokia 235 4G 2024 price in India, availability The Nokia 220 4G 2024 is priced in India at Rs. 3,249, while the Nokia 235 4G 2024 is available at Rs. 3,749. Both feature phones are available for purchase in the country via Amazon and the HMD India website alongside offline retail stores. Nokia 220 4G 2024 is offered in Black, and Peach colourways, whereas the Nokia 235 4G 2024 comes in three shades - Black, Blue, and Purple. Nokia 215 4G, Nokia 225 4G and Nokia 235 4G Feature Phones Debut: Details Nokia 220 4G 2024, Nokia 235 4G 2024 specifications, features The Nokia 220 4G and the Nokia 235 4G 2024 variants sport 2.8-inch QVGA IPS LCD screens. They are powered by Unisoc T107 chipsets with support for 64MB of RAM and 128MB of inbuilt storage. The storage capacity can be expanded to up to 32GB via a microSD card. The phones run on the S30+ operating system out-of-the-box. While the Nokia 220 4G 2024 is only equipped with an LED torch on the back panel, the Nokia 235 4G 2024 carries a 2-megapixel rear camera sensor. Both phones are backed by a 1,450mAh removable battery and have USB Type-C charging ports. The handsets are claimed to offer a battery life of up to 9.8 hours. Nokia 3210 Debuts With New Colours, 4G Connectivity for 25th Anniversary


HMD Bringing Its First Smartphone to India Soon; Name Revealed The Nokia 220 4G 2024 and the Nokia 235 4G 2024 feature 3.5mm audio jacks and support both wired and wireless FM radio connection alongside MP3 player support. They come pre-installed with UPI applications approved by the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI). The inbuilt Cloud Apps allow users access to YouTube Shorts and YouTube Music as well as news and weather updates. The handsets also support the classic feature phone game — Snake.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Crypto Price Today: Bitcoin and Ether Stable Amidst Volatility, Most Altcoins Hit by Downturn" ,  The cryptocurrency market is displaying volatility across most cryptocurrencies on Wednesday, June 26. Bitcoin recorded a minor drop of 0.29 percent that dragged down its price from $63,200 (roughly Rs. 52.8 lakh) to the mark of $61,752 (roughly Rs. 51.5 lakh) on foreign exchanges like CoinMarketCap. On national exchanges, meanwhile, the value of Bitcoin stands at the mark of $60,145 (roughly Rs. 50.2 lakh). However, the Bitcoin chart needs significant sell pressure on the downside to test $70,000 (roughly Rs. 58.4 lakh) again. “Bitcoin after testing the $58,000 (roughly Rs. 48.4 lakh) on Monday rebounded to $62,000 (roughly Rs. 51.9 lakh) in the past 24 hours. This move coincided with a recovery in Nvidia and the Nasdaq Composite, both of which experienced their worst days since April in the previous session,” Edul Patel, CEO of Mudrex told Gadgets360. Ether showed a minor price hike of 2.63 percent on the crypto price tracker on Wednesday. Ether, at the time of writing, is trading at $3,725 (roughly Rs. 3.11 lakh) on national exchanges and $3,387 (roughly Rs. 2.82 lakh) on international ones. Binance-Backed CoralApp Is Launching an AI, Web3-Powered Smartphone “The sharp fall is unexpected in light of the anticipated approval of spot Ether exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in the U.S. in July, which had fuelled optimism for a significant price recovery. Significant Year to Date price movements ETH after giving a breakout above the ‘Descending Triangle' pattern rallied up to $3,977 (roughly Rs. 33 lakh) and started to consolidate in a range from $3,900 (roughly Rs. 3.25 lakh) to $3700 (roughly Rs. 3.08 lakh),” the ZebPay Trade Desk told Gadgets360. As of Wednesday, cryptocurrencies trading in losses include Binance Coin, Ripple, Tron, Near Protocol, Uniswap, Polygon, Leo, and Cosmos. Cryptocurrencies trading in profits, meanwhile, include Tether, Solana, Dogecoin, Cardano, Shiba Inu, and Avalanche. Louisiana Joins Increasing List of US States that Support Crypto Mining Chainlink, Polkadot, Litecoin, Stellar, Bitcoin SV, and Elrond also managed to retain small gains on the price charts. The overall crypto market managed to rise by 0.91 percent in valuation over the last 24 hours. As of Wednesday, the crypto market cap stands at $2.28 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,90,34,922 crore), shows CoinMarketCap. “In altcoins, memecoins continued to dominate the top movers of the day, with Coinbase L2's leading memecoin, BRETT, and Ethereum's PEPE topping the charts. Both of these memecoins are inspired by artist Matt Furie's comic series, ‘The Boy's Club',” the CoinSwitch Markets Desk told Gadgets360.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Anthropic Introduces Projects for Claude AI, a New Collaborative Tool to Organise Information" ,  Anthropic released a new collaborative tool for its artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot Claude on Tuesday. Dubbed Projects, the tool will allow users to ground the output of the chatbot to the internal knowledge provided to it. Using this, users can create an internal knowledge hub that can offer information in the style and tone that the user may need. The feature can be beneficial for both individuals as well as enterprises. Notably, last week the AI firm released Claude 3.5 Sonnet, and the new tool can utilise its capabilities. Projects for Claude AI In a newsroom post, Anthropic said that Projects is designed to bring together curated sets of knowledge and chat activity in a single interface. Projects are also shareable, so the entire organisation or a specific team can view the best chats with the AI. The AI firm also said that the feature will enable the AI chatbot to generate useful ideas, make more strategic decisions, and show results that are aligned with the user's goals. You can now organize chats with Claude into shareable Projects.Each project includes a 200K context window, so you can include relevant documents, code, and files. pic.twitter.com/em9QmYUMFi— Anthropic (@AnthropicAI) June 25, 2024 Put simply, Projects are similar to AI agents such as Google Gems or OpenAI's GPTs. Users creating a project can upload multiple documents to create an internal knowledge base. The AI will then curate responses entirely based on this knowledge (alongside its pre-training data), and share responses that are more relevant. To further tailor the responses, users can add custom instructions for each project. The company said each project will have a 2,00,000 token context window, which is close to a 500-page book. This means the AI can contextualise the information across a wide number of style guides, codebases, interview transcripts, or past work shared with it. The feature also runs on the recently released Claude 3.5 Sonnet, which Anthropic said outperforms Claude 3 Opus, GPT-4o, and Gemini 1.5 Pro. The main benefit of Projects over other AI agents is that it is also shareable. That means users can share the best chats with Claude with other teammates in a centralised activity feed. The company says this will allow all teammates to gain insights from a project. OpenAI's ChatGPT App for macOS Now Available For All Users


Google Said to Be Working on AI Chatbots Based on Celebrities


Apple Is Not Looking to Integrate Meta AI Into Its Devices: Report Projects are available on Claude.ai for all Pro and Team subscribers. Notably, the Claude Pro subscription is priced at $20 (roughly Rs. 1,670) per person per month and the Claude Team subscription costs $25 (roughly Rs. 2,090) per person per month with a minimum of five members added. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Nokia 3210 With Unisoc T107​ SoC, YouTube, UPI Apps Debuts in India: Price, Specifications" ,  HMD has brought back the Nokia 3210 feature phone in India on Tuesday. The launch marks the 25th anniversary of the original unveiling of the phone. The new Nokia 3210 feature phone comes in three colour options and offers YouTube access. It packs a 1,450mAh battery and includes a 2-megapixel camera. The feature phone runs on Unisoc T107 and has FM streaming support. The Nokia 3210 features a preloaded UPI application approved by the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI). Besides the Nokia 3210, the Finnish brand also unveiled the Nokia 235 and Nokia 220 4G. Nokia 3210 price in India The Nokia 3210 is priced at Rs. 3,999 and it is offered in Grunge Black, Scuba Blue, and Y2K Gold colour options. The new phone is available for purchase via the Nokia India website, Amazon and other retail outlets. Nokia 3210 specifications The dual-SIM Nokia 3210 runs on the S30+​ operating system and sports a 2.4-inch QVGA display. It is powered by a Unisoc T107 SoC, along with 128MB of RAM and 64MB of onboard storage. The inbuilt storage can be expanded up to 32GB via the dedicated microSD card slot. Nokia 215 4G, Nokia 225 4G and Nokia 235 4G Feature Phones Debut: Details It has a 2-megapixel rear camera sensor alongside rear LED flash. The Nokia 3210 comes preloaded with an NPCI-approved UPI application for scan-and-pay functionality. The phone includes Nokia's classic Snake game and offers access to YouTube and YouTube Music. It supports eight apps including Weather, News, Sokoban, Cricket Score, 2048 Game, and Tetris. Nokia 6310, Nokia 5310 and Nokia 230 With Unisoc 6531F SoCs Launched For connectivity, you get Bluetooth 5.0. The Nokia 3210 sports FM radio with wired and wireless mode and an MP3 player. It has a 3.5mm headphone jack and there is a USB Type-C port. It is backed by a 1,450mAh battery that is claimed to deliver up to 9.8 hrs hours of talk time on a 4G network. The handset measures 122x52x13.14mm. 




title = "Pixel 9 Series Teased for India as Google Sets Global Launch Event for August 13" ,  After months of leaks and rumours about its upcoming Pixel 9 series, Google has finally made things official by sending out invites for the launch of its upcoming Pixel 9 series of devices. While the exact number of devices that will be revealed on that day remains a mystery, we do know that the keynote for the same will take place on August 13, which is a lot earlier than Google's usual October timeline for its Pixel devices. The event according to the webpage set up on the Google Store (US) for the same is set for August 13 at 10am Pacific Time (PT). Google as per the details on the event page, does not explicitly mention that it will announce any devices at the launch event. As usual, there's a clear focus on AI (read “Magic”). However, a teaser video shows a silhouette of what matches the images of the Pixel 9 smartphones with a new visor camera design as leaked by the rumour mill over the past couple of months. The phone in the teaser video could be the Pixel 9 Pro or the Pixel 9 Pro XL, both of which have a similarly placed three rear-facing cameras in the new capsule-shaped camera module, which is a departure from the traditional visor-shaped camera module (running from side to side) that has graced Pixel devices since the launch of the Pixel 6 series. Google Pixel 8 Review: Rounding Off Things Meanwhile, Google also released the same teaser with the same device on its social media channels in India, hinting that the same phones will be coming to India as well, just like the Pixel 8 series of devices, which currently includes the Pixel 8, the Pixel 8 Pro and the recently launched Pixel 8a (technically an A-series device). However, the teaser for India says the phone will launch in India on August 14.    While speculation about what will be launched at this upcoming event are high, we can now confirm (thanks to the teaser) that Google will announce or at the least reveal its Pixel 9 series, which as per leaks and rumours also includes an XL-sized larger model this year. All phones are expected to be powered by the new Tensor G4 SoC, which as per a recent report will still be manufactured by Samsung. Google Pixel 8 Pro Review: New Pixel, Old Problems The rumour mill over the past couple of weeks has also suggested the existence of a new foldable from Google, tagged as the Pixel Fold 2. Going by leaked details and images, it is expected to have a brand-new design and (squarish) aspect ratio for main display, which will make it appear drastically different from the more rectangular Pixel Fold. More recently, reports of a new Pixel Watch 3 have also shown up. The Pixel Watch 3 is also set to be launched alongside a Pixel Watch 3 XL model this year, which will offer a larger display and possibly a bigger battery with a different strap fastening system. The design of the Pixel Watch 3 XL is said to be very similar to the standard Pixel Watch 3, which is expected to be similar to the Pixel Watch 2 that is currently on sale in India. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Google I/O 2023 saw the search giant repeatedly tell us that it cares about AI, alongside the launch of its first foldable phone and Pixel-branded tablet. This year, the company is going to supercharge its apps, services, and Android operating system with AI technology. We discuss this and more on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Stellar Blade Has Sold Over 1 Million Copies, Plans for PC Version Under Review: Report" ,  Stellar Blade, the action-adventure title from debutant studio Shift Up, has reportedly sold one million units since it was released in April. The developer made the revelation Tuesday at its initial public offering (IPO) press conference. Shift Up also reportedly revealed that plans for a PC port for Stellar Blade, which was launched as a PS5 exclusive, were currently under review. Stellar Blade PS5 sales As a per a report from Korean outlet GameMeca (via VGC), Stellar Blade is estimated to have sold over one million copies since it launched April 26. “Since its release, it has ranked No. 1 in sales in major console markets such as the United States and the United Kingdom, and its cumulative sales are estimated to have exceeded 1 million copies," the publication quoted Shift Up CFO Ahn Jae-woo as saying. Shift Up's security filings reportedly place Stellar Blade's sales at KRW 15.7 billion (roughly Rs. 94.3 crore) in May, however, the revenue only represents the amount the studio received from publisher Sony. PlayStation Will Host the Year's First State of Play Showcase This Week Stellar Blade PC version The developer also discussed its plans for a PC version of Stellar Blade at the press conference. The game, published by Sony Interactive Entertainment, launched exclusively on PS5. “It was released as a PS5 exclusive, but the number of PS5 distributions and activation levels were not as high as that of PS4,” the report quoted the CFO as saying. “And recently, the main consumer of AAA games has shifted to PCs. We are currently reviewing the PC version of Stellar Blade, and if we release the PC version, we expect the value of the IP to increase once more,” he added. Sony has been following a two-year delay cadence for its exclusive console titles to launch on PC. Many of its popular first-party franchises like God of War and Spider-Man have made their way to PC after a period of console exclusivity. More recently, PlayStation exclusive Ghost of Tsushima Director's Cut was launched May 16 on PC. The open-world action-adventure title went on to become PlayStation's biggest single-player launch on Steam. Sony Rumoured to Be Working on PS3 Emulation for PS5 Stellar Blade could thus be expected to eventually arrive on PC after its exclusive run on the PS5. Shift Up, however, reportedly stopped short of providing a PC launch timeline for the game. “We are reviewing the PC version of Stellar Blade, and we ask for your understanding that we cannot tell you the exact timing or whether or not because we have a contractual relationship,” the report quoted the studio's CFO as saying. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Moto G85 5G With Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC, 30W Fast Charging Support Listed Online: Price, Specifications" ,  Moto G85 5G, with a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit and Qualcomm's Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 chipset, has been listed online. The handset was quietly listed on the official Motorola UK website. It is equipped with a 5,000mAh battery with support for wired fast charging, a 32-megapixel selfie camera, Dolby Atmos-backed speakers, and an in-display fingerprint scanner. The phone appears to be a rebadged version of the Moto S50 Neo, which was unveiled in China on Tuesday alongside the Moto Razr 50 lineup. Moto G85 5G price The Moto G85 5G is priced at GBP 299.99 (roughly Rs. 31,800) for the sole 12GB + 256GB option. It is currently available for purchase via the Motorola UK website. The phone is offered in three colour options — Cobalt Blue, Olive Green, and Urban Grey. Moto G85 5G specifications, features Moto G85 5G sports a 6.7-inch full-HD+ (1,080 x 2,400 pixels) 3D curved pOLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate, a 240Hz touch sampling rate, 1,600 nits of peak local brightness, and a 20:9 aspect ratio. It also comes with dual SGS eye protection certification and Corning Gorilla Glass 5 protection. Moto S50 Neo With Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC Launched at This Price Powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 chipset, the Moto G85 5G supports 12GB of RAM and 256GB of UFS 2.2 onboard storage. The RAM can be virtually expanded by an additional 12GB, while the storage can be extended up to 1TB via a microSD card. The handset runs Android 14-based Hello UI out-of-the-box. For optics, the Moto G85 5G carries a dual rear camera unit which includes a 50-megapixel Sony Lytia-600 primary sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support and an 8-megapixel sensor paired with an ultra-wide angle lens. The phone gets a 32-megapixel front camera. Moto Razr 50 Ultra With 4-Inch Cover Screen Debuts Alongside Razr 50


This Upcoming Motorola Phone Will Offer a Four-Year Warranty The Moto G85 5G is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 30W wired fast charging support. It also supports 5G, 4G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.1, NFC, and USB Type-C connectivity. The handset has an in-display fingerprint sensor and Dolby Atmos-backed stereo speakers.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "RCS Messaging Enabled for Some iPhone Users in the US With Latest iOS 18 Update" ,  RCS Messaging is being enabled for some iPhone users in the US following the iOS 18 Developer Beta 2 update, according to claims on social media. The feature was showcased at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10 and was scheduled to arrive with iOS 18. It was reported a few days ago that select US carriers had rolled out support for RCS Messaging on iPhone and some users on social media have now claimed they can access the feature. RCS Messaging on iPhone In a post on X (formerly Twitter), user @BrandonButch shared a screenshot which allegedly shows RCS Messaging being enabled. While the text message still appears to have a green bubble, a new RCS banner can be seen within the chat window. Never thought I'd see the day..RCS on iPhone is now active with iOS 18 Beta 2! 🎉 pic.twitter.com/522cmzRdPH— Brandon Butch (@BrandonButch) June 25, 2024 This development comes after Apple released the iOS Developer Beta 2 on Monday with a new toggle for RCS Messaging in the iPhone's settings. While the feature was said to be inactive, it was reported that it may be visible to users in the US whose carrier supports the messaging standard, such as AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon. RCS (Rich Communication Services) provides better interoperability for cross-platform messaging. It is claimed to improve upon the features offered by standard SMS by enabling the sharing of high-resolution media, having typing indicators and a better group chat experience. While it has been available on the Android ecosystem for years, Apple did not incorporate it into its suite of services, choosing to focus on its proprietary iMessage instead. However, that changed last year when the iPhone maker announced that it would roll out support for RCS Messages with the next iOS update. OpenAI's ChatGPT App for macOS Now Available For All Users


Apple’s Latest Update Allows iPhone, iPad Users to Format External Drives


Apple Is Not Looking to Integrate Meta AI Into Its Devices: Report Notably, not having support for RCS was one of the key points of the lawsuit filed against Apple by the US Department of Justice in March. It also alleged that the “green bubble” issue on iPhone makes rival Android users feel inferior. While RCS Messaging has been brought to the iPhone with iOS 18, Apple has already confirmed that even with RCS enabled, the text messages would still have the same colour, unlike the blue bubble which appears when sending and receiving messages between Apple's handsets. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OpenAI's ChatGPT App for macOS Now Available For All Users" ,  OpenAI has released the desktop app of its artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot ChatGPT for macOS on Tuesday. The app will be available to both paid subscribers and those who use the free version of the platform. The AI firm first announced the dedicated app for Mac devices last month at the Spring Updates event. The company was slowly rolling out the app to ChatGPT Plus used for the last few weeks, but now it has opened it for all users. The macOS app also comes with Voice Mode support. ChatGPT App for macOS In a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), the official account of OpenAI posted about the availability of the ChatGPT for Mac app. The app brings all the functionalities of its web client while offering a more optimised experience and additional on-device features. For instance, the chatbot can be instantly launched by tapping the Options + Space keys together. The ChatGPT desktop app for macOS is now available for all users.Get faster access to ChatGPT to chat about email, screenshots, and anything on your screen with the Option + Space shortcut: https://t.co/2rEx3PmMqg pic.twitter.com/x9sT8AnjDm— OpenAI (@OpenAI) June 25, 2024 Among the unique features of the dedicated app is the capability of quickly taking a screenshot of the entire or part of a screen and loading it directly in the app to ask questions about it. On any screen, the user can launch the app with the keyboard shortcut, and then click the paperclip icon. It will open a menu where users can tap on Take Screenshot and select the part of the screen. OpenAI says this feature can be accessed on any screen. Apart from screenshots, users can also upload files and photos. The AI can process them using computer vision and answer any queries regarding them. For instance, users can post a picture of a bird and ask about its species. Further, Voice Mode, the feature that lets users speak to the AI and get verbal responses, has also been added to ChatGPT's macOS app. Google Said to Be Working on AI Chatbots Based on Celebrities


Meta Incorrectly Labels KKR’s IPL Winning Photo as ‘Made by AI’


Apple Is Not Looking to Integrate Meta AI Into Its Devices: Report The ChatGPT app also gets some of the useful features on the web version. Users can check older conversations in a side panel that opens on the left margin. The Memory feature which remembers certain information about the user has also been added. OpenAI has stated that GPT-4o access will soon be added to the app. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Phone 1 Teased to Feature Removable Back Plate, Enhancing Customisation Options" ,  CMF Phone 1 is set to launch in India in the first week of July and the latest teaser suggests it could feature a removable back plate. It is expected to be the first-ever smartphone by Nothing's sub-brand CMF. Courtesy of cryptic social media posts by the company, it was already confirmed that the handset would have a screw-like design element at the back, but its purpose was undefined. However, CMF's new teaser of the Phone 1 hints at a removable back plate with the screw which potentially spells improved customisation options. CMF Phone 1 design In a post on X (formerly Twitter), CMF – the Carl Pei-led startup – shared a short video clip of the CMF Phone 1 and the screw on the back of it. In the teaser, it is shown being unscrewed with the provided screwdriver, which could also double down as a SIM ejector tool. This suggests the presence of a removable back plate. It is speculated to enhance the customisation factor of the handset, with a potential ability to swap back plates, similar to devices of the past and even the PlayStation 5. In a separate video posted by Nothing, one of the Community Members, reacting to the CMF Phone 1, even suggested that users may also be able to 3D print back plates for the smartphone. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  However, it remains unclear if the removable back plate would purely be a cosmetic tweak or if it could also provide easy access to the battery and internal components of the handset, increasing its ease of repairability. CMF Phone 1 specifications (expected) CMF Phone 1 is expected to have a 6.7-inch OLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate. In terms of optics, it may sport a 50-megapixel dual camera system at the back and a 50-megapixel selfie shooter on the front. Leaks suggest it may be powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 7300 SoC, an octa-core chipset with four cores capped at 2.5GHz and another four clocked at 2.0GHz Here's What the Upcoming CMF Buds Pro 2, CMF Watch Pro 2 Could Look Like


Vivo T3 Lite 5G Specifications, Colourways Tipped Ahead of India Launch


Samsung Galaxy Unpacked July 2024 Event Confirmed; Here's What to Expect It could come in two UFS 2.2 storage variants: 128GB and 256GB. The CMF Phone 1 may be backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for 33W fast charging (wired). The CMF Phone 1 launch is expected to take place during Nothing's upcoming Community Update on July 8 at 10am BST (2:30pm IST). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Moto Razr 50 Ultra India Launch Date Set for July 4; Amazon Availability Confirmed" ,  Motorola unveiled the Razr 50 and Razr 50 Ultra on Tuesday at the Lenovo event in China and select global markets including North America, Europe and the UK. Shortly after the launch, the Chinese smartphone brand confirmed the arrival of the Moto Razr 50 Ultra in India. The flip-style foldable phone will go on sale in the country through Amazon. A Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset powers the Moto Razr 50 Ultra and the handset has an IPX8-rated build. It will compete with the likes of the upcoming Galaxy Z Flip 6. The Lenovo-owned brand announced it will launch the Moto Razr 50 Ultra in India on July 4. Motorola is dropping teasers through its official X handle about the launch. Additionally, Amazon has published a dedicated webpage revealing the launch date and specifications. Moto Razr 50 Ultra specifications Indian variant of the Moto Razr 50 Ultra is teased to be available in Midnight Blue, Spring Green, and Peach Fuzz shades. It is confirmed to come with Moto AI and Google Gemini integrations. The Amazon listing highlights other features like a 4-inch (1,080x1,272 pixels) pOLED cover display with 165Hz refresh rate with Gorilla Glass Victus protection, Qualcomm Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset, and a 4,000mAh battery with 45W fast charging and 15W wireless charging support. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 Launched in India The Moto Razr 50 Ultra will bring a 6.9-inch internal pOLED flexible screen. The handset carries a dual outer camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel main se nsor with support for optical image stabilisation (OIS) and a 50-megapixel telephoto camera. It has a 32-megapixel shooter on the inner display and an IPX8-rated water-resistant build. Moto Razr 50 Ultra price The Moto Razr 50 Ultra has a starting price of CNY 5,699 (roughly Rs. 66,000) for the 12GB + 256GB model in China. The top-end model with 12GB + 512GB storage costs CNY 6,199 (roughly Rs. 74,000). The Indian variant of the phone could be priced in line with this. It is available in Modern Green, Peach Fuzz and Vintage Denim (translated from Chinese) colour options in China. It is expected to take on Samsung's Galaxy Z Flip 5 and the forthcoming Galaxy Z Flip 6.  Motorola Edge 2024 With Customisable Quick Button Debuts: See Price   Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 Chipset, Price and Other Details Leaked via Amazon Listing" ,  Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 specifications such as its chipset, health tracking metrics and price have reportedly leaked via an online listing. The smartwatch is expected to launch at the Galaxy Unpacked event, which is now confirmed to take place on July 10. Ahead of its launch, an Amazon listing is said to have revealed details about the Samsung Galaxy Watch 7. Recent rumours have also suggested that Samsung may unveil a new Galaxy Watch Ultra to take on the Apple Watch Ultra. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 specifications, price (leaked) According to a report by Passionategeeks, a listing of the Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 recently appeared on Amazon's Canada website, suggesting that it may be powered by a chipset fabricated on a 3nm process. This chip is claimed to boost the smartwatch's efficiency while ensuring smooth operation. As per the listing, the Galaxy Watch 7 will come with Samsung's next-generation BioActive Sensor 2. It is tipped to provide more accurate heart rate measurements during sleep and exercise. Furthermore, it is also expected to pack AI health monitoring features including AI Powered Sleep, AI Powered Exercise, and AI Powered Communication. Samsung May Bump Up the Price of Galaxy Z Flip 6 It will also leverage Galaxy AI – Samsung's suite of AI features – for smart replies to messages directly from the smartwatch, as per the report. The listing is for the 128GB storage and 40mm Bluetooth variant of the Galaxy Watch 7 in a Cream colourway. The Galaxy Watch 7 may be priced at CAD 358 (roughly Rs. 21,800) for the aforementioned variant. If it is true, the price of the smartwatch may undercut the existing Galaxy Watch 6 by CAD 52 (roughly Rs. 3,000). Other details of Galaxy Watch 7 According to a previous report, the Galaxy Watch 7 may be available in two sizes: 40mm and 44mm, and in two colourways: cream and green. Samsung is said to use Armor Aluminum 2 to develop the smartwatch's casing while it could also come with a sapphire crystal glass. Leaked Renders of Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra Suggest Familiar Design


Here's What the Upcoming CMF Buds Pro 2, CMF Watch Pro 2 Could Look Like Samsung's upcoming smartwatch may carry over some features from its predecessor including 5ATM water resistance, IP68 rating, and MIL-STD-810H certified build. Both variants of the Galaxy Watch 7 are tipped to get a 2,000 nits display. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo T3 Lite 5G Specifications, Colour Options Tipped Ahead of India Launch" ,  Vivo T3 Lite 5G is set to launch in India this week. Ahead of its debut on June 27, the specifications and colour options of the smartphone have been leaked. It is the third smartphone in Vivo's T3 lineup, following the launch of Vivo T3 in March and Vivo T3x in April. While it was already confirmed to sport a Sony camera backed by artificial intelligence (AI), a recently surfaced report suggests more details about the handset's display, and chipset. Vivo T3 Lite 5G specifications (leaked) According to a 91Mobiles report, the Vivo T3 Lite 5G is expected to feature a 6.56-inch display with a refresh rate of 90Hz. Although information about its brightness has not been revealed, it is suggested to get a “high brightness display”. Like other budget offerings, its screen is teased to incorporate a waterdrop-style notch. The smartphone is said to be powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC, paired with up to 6GB RAM and 128GB storage. This chipset also powers other smartphones in the budget segment including Realme Narzo N65 and the Realme C65 5G. In terms of optics, the Vivo T3 Lite 5G may get a dual camera system at the back, comprising a 50-megapixel Sony IMX852 AI camera, and a 2-megapixel secondary sensor for portrait photography. On the front, it is tipped to sport an 8-megapixel HD selfie camera. Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G Is Now Available in This Colour Option in India For security, the phone will reportedly feature a side-mounted fingerprint sensor and offer an IP54 rating for protection against water and dust ingress. The handset is said to be 8.39mm thick and could weigh 185g. Backing the Vivo smartphone is said to be a 5,000mAh battery with support for 15W fast charging. Moto S50 Neo With Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC Launched at This Price


Moto Razr 50 Ultra With 4-Inch Cover Screen Debuts Alongside Razr 50 Vivo T3 Lite 5G price in India (leaked) Although no details about the Vivo T3 Lite 5G price in India have been revealed, Vivo says it will be India's “most affordable” dual 5G smartphone. As per a report, the handset may be priced under Rs. 12,000 in the country. The smartphone is said to be available in two colourways: Majestic Black and Vibrant Green. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Series Launch Confirmed; Next Galaxy Unpacked to Be Held on July 10" ,  Samsung has confirmed the date for its next Galaxy Unpacked event where it is expected to unveil the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6. We could also see Samsung take wraps off a new tablet lineup, Galaxy Watch 7 series, Galaxy Ring, and new earphones at the event. The Galaxy Ring was initially teased at the Galaxy Unpacked January 2024 event and later showcased at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2024 in February. The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and the Galaxy Z Flip 6 are expected to be available for reservations soon ahead of their launch. Samsung Galaxy Unpacked July 2024 The company has confirmed that its second Samsung Galaxy Unpacked event for 2024 will be held on July 10 in Paris at 3pm CEST (6:30pm IST). It will be streamed live on the official Samsung YouTube channel. Samsung has also revealed that the event will see the launch of the next generation of Galaxy Z series foldable smartphones among other AI-backed products. Samsung May Bump Up the Price of Galaxy Z Flip 6 Samsung Galaxy Unpacked July 2024 launches (expected) The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6, said to succeed the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5, will be introduced at the Samsung Galaxy Unpacked July 2024 event. A recent report claimed that the reservations for the upcoming foldable smartphones may start from June 26. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3's Alleged Retail Listing Suggests AirPods-Like Case


Samsung Tipped to Launch Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim: Here's When It May Arrive The company is also expected to launch the Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 series at the upcoming event. Other launches expected at Galaxy Unpacked July 2024 include the Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 lineup, Galaxy Watch Ultra, Galaxy Buds 3 series, and the much-awaited Galaxy Ring.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Said to Be Developing Gemini AI-Powered User Customisable Chatbots Based on Celebrities" ,  Google might be working on creating artificial intelligence (AI) chatbots that can play a character while interacting with users. These character-focused chatbots can be modelled after a celebrity or be customised by users based on their imagination, according to the report. It is said that these chatbots will be powered by the tech giant's in-house large language model (LLM) Gemini. Unlike the existing Gemini AI chatbot, these customisable bots are said to be designed to have conversations and not just to answer user queries. Google Is Working on Character-Based AI Chatbots According to a report by The Information (via 9to5Google), Google wants to build AI-based chatbots that can be a friend to people instead of a query-solving assistant. The publication stated that the company has been working on building these chatbots for a while now. These will be customisable AI bots “which could be modelled on celebrities or made by users.” The report also highlights that Google could partner with social media influencers to create chatbots based on their personalities. These bots are said to be powered by Gemini, but it is currently unclear whether it would use the Gemini 1.5 Pro or Gemini 1.0 model. It is said to be a standalone project, and it is not being developed for a specific Google platform. Blackmagic Camera App Now Available on Select Android Smartphones However, the report highlights that the company has discussed plans to eventually integrate the chatbots with YouTube. Based on the details shared in the report, it appears that these chatbots could be similar to the AI characters made by Meta. The social media giant partnered with several popular influencers and celebrities such as Kendall Jenner, Charli D'Amelio, MrBeast, Snoop Dogg, Tom Brady, and more, and released their AI characters on the Messenger app. Similar chatbots are also used by recently launched social media platform Butterflies. Character-based chatbots were popularised by the AI platform Character.ai, where users can create AI bots by adding a text prompt describing the character and its personality. The platform lets users interact with characters such as Sherlock Holmes, Tony Stark, Elon Musk, Batman, and more. Google Gemini to Soon Be Available to Teen Students in Over 100 Countries


Google Pixel May Get a New Device Temperature Monitoring Feature Apart from these, the platform also offers chatbots made for specific purpose such as a Writing Helper, Story Maker, Dating Coach, and others. Notably, Character.ai uses Google's cloud services and Tensor Processing Units (TPUs) to train its AI models. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Louisiana Joins Growing List of US States that Support Crypto Mining" ,  Louisiana has become the latest US state to support cryptocurrency mining, as more regions in the country are warming up to digital assets. A newly signed bill is expected to protect the rights of crypto mining individuals and businesses, who can continue to operate in the state as long as they are in compliance with local regulations. The US crypto market evolving into the largest in the world with its industry size projected to reach the valuation of $23,220 million by the end of the year. Rising Adoption of Crypto Mining Businesses in the US The governor of Louisiana has signed a bill to foster the growth of businesses related to crypto mining activities in the state, while the state has banned the use of central bank digital currencies, or CBDCs. The state of Louisiana is among others in the US that are tailoring laws around crypto that could open job opportunities and revenue streams for the state treasury. CoinDCX App Revamped with New ‘Web3 Mode’: All Details Bill HB 488 protects the rights of crypto mining individuals and businesses to continue operations but while being in compliance with local noise ordinances. Businesses conducting crypto mining on a commercial level have been directed to set up shops in the industrial zones located across the state, the bill notes. Furthermore, the bill now restricts all foreign parties from controlling digital mining businesses. Louisiana's support for crypto mining could help generate revenue and also open job opportunities in the state, that reportedly houses over 4.6 million citizens. However, crypto mining is infamous for consuming loads of electricity, disrupting power supply for local residents. India May Churn Over Rs. 5,000 Crore on Revising Crypto Tax Laws: Report The global cryptocurrency mining market was valued at $1.92 billion (roughly Rs. 16,017 crore) in 2022 and is reportedly projected to reach $7 billion (roughly Rs. 58,398 crore) by 2032. As per JP Morgan, the Bitcoin mining sector is reportedly is garnering interest from investors. The states of Oklahoma, Arkansas, Kentucky, and Florida are taking similar pro-crypto mining steps, while the federal government is working on comprehensive legislation to oversee the overall crypto sector. Crypto Mining in Other Countries Owing to the electrical load crypto mining businesses put on power grids, several countries have decided to ban their operations. In May, Venezuela banned crypto mining and seized thousands of mining computers. Norway has also cracked down on crypto mining businesses this year in April.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Buds Pro 2, CMF Watch Pro 2 Design and Key Features Teased Ahead of July 8 Launch" ,  CMF Buds Pro 2 and CMF Watch Pro 2 are set to be unveiled next month. They will be launched alongside the CMF Phone 1. Notably, CMF is a sub-brand of Nothing, the UK-based startup headed by OnePlus Co-Founder Carl Pei. The upcoming true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones and the smartwatch are expected to succeed the CMF Buds Pro and the CMF Watch Pro, which were introduced in September 2023. The company has now teased design elements of the upcoming wearables and revealed some of their key features. CMF Buds Pro 2 design The design of the CMF Buds Pro 2 charging case has been teased in a post on X (formerly Twitter). A corner of the case appears with a circular spinning dial, similar to the one found on the CMF Buds charging case. A customisable Smart Dial for intuitive sound control.Meet Buds Pro 2 on 8 July, 10:00 AM BST. pic.twitter.com/IvlcWHVQYo— CMF by Nothing (@cmfbynothing) June 24, 2024 However, there is a marked difference between the two. While the dial on the existing CMF Buds case is majorly decorative and only serves as a lanyard holder, the one teased in the CMF Buds Pro 2 charging case will serve as a customisable Smart Dial which can be used for sound control. CMF Watch Pro 2 design The CMF Watch Pro 2 design was also partially teased by the company in another X post. The watch is seen with a round bezel and a crown in a grey colourway. The watch face appears with a similar grey shade with hints of black, white and orange. It is confirmed to feature an aluminium alloy body This Upcoming Motorola Phone Will Offer a Four-Year Warranty A wonderful all-rounder.With a sleek round bezel and aluminium alloy body for a refined finish.Watch Pro 2 is coming on 8 July. pic.twitter.com/mHjg9fGFrN— CMF by Nothing (@cmfbynothing) June 25, 2024 CMF Buds Pro 2, CMF Watch Pro 2 launch The CMF Buds Pro 2 and the CMF Watch Pro 2 are confirmed to launch alongside the CMF Phone 1 on July 8. The upcoming smartphone from CMF will be the first handset by the Nothing sub-brand. Moto G85 Design Spotted in Leaked Renders Alongside These Specifications


Motorola Razr 50, Razr 50 Ultra, Moto G85 5G Price and Colourways Leaked The anticipated TWS earphones and smartwatch will succeed the CMF Buds Pro and the CMF Watch Pro, which were launched in India at Rs. 3,499 and Rs. 4,499, respectively.   Will the Nothing Phone 2 serve as the successor to the Phone 1, or will the two co-exist? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Genesys Launches AI-Powered Navigation Map Tailored for Indian Automotive and Mobility Sectors" ,  Genesys International, the Mumbai-based mapping, survey, and geospatial solutions company, launched artificial intelligence-powered navigation maps on Monday. The map encompasses 83 lakh kilometres across India. The company claims it was built specifically for the automotive and mobility industries of the country and will help build personalised driving experiences and offer location intelligence. Alongside this, the company also introduced several products which are built on top of the navigation maps. These include Navigation with Augmented Reality (AR), Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS), and Intelligent Speed Assistance (ISA). Genesys Launches AI-Powered Navigation Maps In a press release (via ANI), the company claimed the AI-powered maps cover India's largest navigable road network spanning 83 lakh kilometres. It also features more than three crore points of interest (POIs). Genesys also stated that the AI map system will allow drivers access to precise and reliable navigation. Sajid Malik, Chairman and Managing Director of Genesys International, said, "With features like Intelligent Speed Assistance (ISA) and Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS), we are setting new benchmarks for safety and convenience on Indian roads. These technologies will alert drivers to speed limits, recognize traffic signs, assist with lane-keeping, and offer adaptive cruise control." Synthesia 2.0 AI Video Communications Platform Launched for Enterprises Alongside the AI-powered navigation maps, the company also unveiled several new products aimed at improving the driving experience. First is Navigation with Augmented Reality. This system integrates real-time data from vehicles' dashcams and secondary cameras and provides AR overlays to help guide drivers intuitively. This way even when the driver looks at the display for navigation instructions and other critical information, they can keep track of the surroundings. The product also features intelligent route planning. Another feature is the ADAS system. Also known as assistive driving, the product is enabled with Intelligent Speed Assistance (ISA) and has safety features such as lane departure warning and traffic sign recognition. The ISA system also ensures speed limit compliances to create a safer driving experience. TCS Will Build a Generative AI-Powered Platform for Xerox


Infosys Aster, AI-Powered Marketing Suite for Global Enterprises Launched Further, it also introduced Usage-Based Insurance (UBI), which can track the driving behaviour of the driver, and based on a long-term pattern, can offer lower premiums for safer driving. The company stated that by incentivising safe driving practices, the product offers benefits for both the driver as well as insurance providers. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G Scarlet Red Colour Variant Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G is now available in India in a new colourway. The new variant arrives six months after the launch of the Redmi Note series phone in the country in three shades. The Note 13 Pro 5G runs on a Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC and features a 200-megapixel primary rear camera. It is equipped with a 5,100mAh battery with support for 67W charging. Besides the colour, there are no changes to the specifications of the phone. The Xiaomi sub-brand announced the launch of the Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G in a Scarlet Red colour option on Tuesday. It will go on sale via Amazon, Mi.com, Flipkart, and other major retail outlets. The new shade will be offered alongside the existing Arctic White, Coral Purple, and Midnight Black finishes that were introduced when the phone was launched in January. Redmi recently introduced the phone in an Olive Green shade in global markets outside India. Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G price in India The Scarlet Red colour variant of Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G has the same price as the other colour options in India. It costs Rs. 25,999 for the base 8GB + 128GB storage and Rs. 27,999 for the 12GB + 256GB storage variants. Xiaomi 14 Civi With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC Debuts in India: See Price Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G specifications The Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G features a 6.67-inch 1.5K (1,220x2,712 pixels) AMOLED screen that supports up to 1,800 nits of peak brightness and has Corning Gorilla Glass Victus protection. It is powered by a Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 chip with up to 12GB of RAM. For optics, the Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G has a triple rear camera setup, comprising a 200-megapixel primary camera with OIS, an 8-megapixel ultra-wide-angle camera and a 2-megapixel macro camera. It features a 16-megapixel selfie camera. The phone packs up to 256GB of storage. Redmi 14C 5G Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website Suggesting India Launch The Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G has NFC support and features an in-display fingerprint scanner for biometric authentication. It houses a 5,100mAh battery with support for 67W charging. 




title = "Instagram Incorrectly Tags  Kolkata Knight Riders’ IPL Winning Photo With ‘Made by AI’ Label" ,  Meta's artificial intelligence (AI) content detection tool on Instagram, has been spotted denoting real images with a ‘Made by AI' label. One such post that was incorrectly labelled was from the official Instagram account of Kolkata Knight Riders which recently won the Indian Premier League (IPL) 2024 cricket tournament. One of the images posted by the account, which shows the team lifting the trophy, was labelled by the platform as AI-generated. Several photographers on the social media platform have experienced the same issue. Meta Said to Be Incorrectly Labelling Photos as Made by AI In February, Meta said that it was in the process of introducing an AI-generated content detection feature that would prevent users from misinformation and highlight instances of deepfakes (AI-generated or digitally altered images and videos that are made to resemble another individual, location, or event). The feature recently went live on Instagram, and it appears that it is also labelling real photos as AI-generated content. At present, these labels can only be seen on the iOS and Android apps and not on the web.  Kolkata Knight Rider's photo which was labelled as 'Made by AI'Photo Credit: Instagram/kkriders  While KKR's photo is one of the most high-profile instances of this error, many other such mislabels have also been called out by users. Among them is the former White House photographer Pete Souza who posted an old basketball game's photo. Meta AI Is Finally Coming to India, Will Be Powered by Llama 3 AI Model After the incorrect label was added, he edited the caption to write, “I'm not clear why Instagram is using the “made with AI” on my post. There is no AI with my photos.” He also highlighted that he was unable to uncheck the label as the platform kept adding it back. Post by @noahkalinaView on Threads Frustrated users have also begun flooding Threads, the text-based social media platform by Meta, tagging Instagram head Adam Mosseri to highlight the issue. One user said, “Not one single photographer nor artist on all of Facebook and Instagram has the first clue what triggers the “Made with AI” label. Even though Mosseri clarified all they're doing is reading C2PA labels, nobody understands how to avoid it.” Post by @sean_scheidt_photographyView on Threads Earlier, Meta's President of Global Affairs, Nick Clegg had said that the company was working with “industry partners to align on common technical standards that signal when a piece of content has been created using AI.” He also claimed that the detection tool can correctly label images from Google, OpenAI, Microsoft, Adobe, Midjourney, and Shutterstock. However, the implementation of the feature appears to be flawed. In a report, PetaPixel found that even removing a tiny spec in an image using Adobe's AI-powered Generative Fill gives images the ‘Made by AI' tag. However, non-AI tools such as the Spot Healing Brush tool or Clone Stamp tool did not add the label despite the result being the same. Instagram Confirms Testing Unskippable Ads for Some Users: Report The publication also found that when an image which was previously labelled as AI-generated was loaded back on Photoshop and saved after copy-pasting on a black document, the AI label did not appear. Instagram Will Let You Protect Yourself From Bullies and Trolls This Way Meta spokesperson Kate McLaughlin told The Verge that the company is now taking the recent user feedback into account and is evaluating its approach. “We rely on industry standard indicators that other companies include in content from their tools, so we're actively working with these companies to improve the process so our labeling approach matches our intent,” McLaughlin was quoted as saying by the publication. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Moto S50 Neo With 50-Megapixel Rear Camera, Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 Chip Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  Moto S50 Neo was launched in China on Tuesday. The smartphone was unveiled alongside the Moto Razr 50 series. The company previously confirmed that the Moto S50 Neo would arrive with a four-year warranty. The smartphone is equipped with a curved pOLED screen, a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit and Dolby Atmos-backed stereo speakers. It is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 chipset and packs a 5,000mAh battery with support for 30W wired fast charging. The company has yet to confirm a global or Indian launch of the handset. Moto S50 Neo price The Moto S50 Neo starts in China at CNY 1,399 (roughly Rs. 16,100) for the 8GB + 256GB option, while the 12GB + 256GB and 12GB + 512GB variants are listed at CNY 1,599 (roughly Rs. 18,400) and CNY 1,899 (roughly Rs. 21,800), respectively. The handset will be available for sale starting June 28 via the Lenovo China e-store. It is offered in three colour options - Jimo (black), Lanting (blue) and Qingtian (green). This Upcoming Motorola Phone Will Offer a Four-Year Warranty Moto S50 Neo specifications, features The Moto S50 Neo sports a 6.7-inch full-HD+ (1,080.x 2,400 pixels) curved pOLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate, 1,600 nits of peak local brightness and dual SGS eye protection certification. The smartphone is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC paired with up to 12GB of LPDDR4 RAM and up to 512GB of onboard storage. In the camera department, the Moto S50 Neo carries a 50-megapixel Sony IMX882 primary sensor alongside an 8-megapixel sensor paired with an ultra-wide angle lens at the back. It has a front-facing camera with a 32-megapixel sensor. Moto G85 Design Spotted in Leaked Renders Alongside These Specifications


Motorola Razr 50, Razr 50 Ultra, Moto G85 5G Price and Colourways Leaked The Moto S50 Neo is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 30W charging support. For security, it has an in-display fingerprint scanner. The phone also supports 5G, 4G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, NFC and USB Type-C connectivity. It also has Dolby Atmos-backed dual stereo speakers. The handset measures 161.91 x 73.06 x 7.59mm in size and while the black variant weighs 171g, the other two options weigh 173g.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Moto Razr 50 Ultra With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 Chip, 4-Inch Cover Display Launched Alongside Razr 50: Price, Specifications" ,  Moto Razr 50 and Moto Razr 50 Ultra were launched in China on Tuesday as the latest clamshell-style foldable smartphones from the Lenovo-owned brand.  They are equipped with an aluminium frame and feature 6.9-inch inner screens. The Moto Razr 50 Ultra is powered by a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset, while the Moto Razr 50 has a MediaTek Dimensity 7300X SoC. Both models run on Android 14 with Hello UI on top and flaunt a 50-megapixel main camera. They have an IPX8-rated build for water resistance. Moto Razr 50 Ultra, Razr 50 price Moto Razr 50 Ultra pricing starts at CNY 5,699 (roughly Rs. 66,000) for the 12GB + 256GB model and CNY 6,199 (roughly Rs. 74,000) for the 12GB + 512GB variant. It is available in Modern Green, Peach Fuzz and Vintage Denim (translated from Chinese) colour options. Meanwhile, the price of the Moto Razr 50 starts at CNY 3,699 (roughly Rs. 47,000) for the 8GB + 256GB variant and CNY 3,999 (roughly Rs. 50,000) for the 12GB + 512GB variant. It is offered in Elephant Grey, Moon Velvet Black and Love Orange (translated from Chinese) colour options. Motorola Edge 2024 With Customisable Quick Button Debuts: See Price Both models are currently available for pre-order in China. Moto Razr 50 Ultra specifications The Moto Razr 50 Ultra runs on Android 14-based MyUX and sports a 6.9-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,640 pixels) pOLED inner display with 165Hz refresh rate and 413ppi pixel density. It features a 4-inch (1,080x1,272 pixels) pOLED cover display with 165Hz refresh rate and 417ppi pixel density. It runs on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, paired with up to 12GB of LPDDR5X RAM. For photos and videos, the Moto Razr 50 Ultra carries a dual outer camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel main sensor with support for optical image stabilisation (OIS) and a 50-megapixel telephoto camera. It has a 32-megapixel shooter on the inner display. Moto G85 Design Spotted in Leaked Renders Alongside These Specifications Moto Razr 50 Ultra The Moto Razr 50 Ultra is available in 256GB and 512GB UFS 4.x inbuilt storage options. Connectivity options include 5G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, NFC, and a USB Type-C port. The phone also includes an in-display fingerprint sensor for authentication. Motorola has provided a 4,000mAh battery on the Moto Razr 50 Ultra that supports 45W fast charging and 15W wireless charging. It measures 170.42x73.99x7.09mm and weighs 189 grams. Moto Razr 50 specifications The Moto Razr 50 features the same software and inner display as the Moto Razr 50 Ultra, though the screen has a 120Hz refresh rate. The standard model has a 3.6-inch full-HD+ (1,056x1,066 pixels) pOLED display with 90Hz refresh rate. It includes a MediaTek Dimensity 7300X chipset alongside up to 12GB of RAM and up to 512GB of storage. Like its higher-grade sibling, the Moto Razr 50 has a dual outer camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor and a 13-megapixel ultra wide-angle camera. It has a 32-megapixel shooter on the inner display for selfies and video chats. Connectivity options and sensors are identical to the Ultra model. It comes with a side-mounted fingerprint sensor. The Moto Razr 50 carries a 4,200mAh battery unit with support for 30W wired and 15W wireless charging support. It measures 171.3x73.99x7.25mm and weighs 188.4 grams. Motorola has used the Air Nanoskin 6000 series Aviation Aluminum middle frame for the Moto Razr 50 series. They have an IPX8 rated water-resistant build.   




title = "OnePlus Pad Pro Design, Accessories, Key Specifications Officially Revealed Ahead of June 27 Launch" ,  OnePlus is all set to reveal a bunch of new products, which as revealed officially by OnePlus recently includes a new smartphone, a tablet, a smartwatch, and TWS earphones. The official unveiling happens on June 27 in China, but after numerous leaks the smartphone maker has now begun revealing more information about its upcoming products. After revealing the first images of a new variant of the OnePlus Watch 2, and the Ace 3 Pro smartphone with its new Glacier Battery technology, the brand has now revealed plenty of information about its upcoming tablet called the OnePlus Pad Pro. OnePlus Pad Pro specifications Most of the new information comes from OnePlus' official Weibo handle. OnePlus revealed in a series of posts that its latest premium tablet will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, which is also available in its latest flagship, the OnePlus 12. The tablet will weigh 584 grams and seems quite slim with a thickness of 6.49mm. The display like the currently available OnePlus Pad will have a 7:5 aspect ratio with thin borders all around. The display will have a screen resolution of 3,000 x 2,120 pixels and a pixel density of 303 PPI. It will also feature a maximum 144Hz screen refresh rate and offer DC dimming. OnePlus Pad Review: Best Mid-Range Android Tablet?  A leaked photograph of the upcoming OnePlus Pad Pro with the new keyboard cover case and stylus accessories attachedPhoto Credit: Digital Chat Station (Weibo)  OnePlus Pad Pro rumoured details Apart from OnePlus, tipsters continue to reveal more details about the upcoming tablet. Tipster Digital Chat Station has leaked several live images of the upcoming OnePlus Pad Pro tablet. The tablet's design in the photographs appear quite similar to what OnePlus has officially been teasing on its Weibo handle. But we get a clearer, unobstructed view in the leaked images showcasing a design that's familiar to the OnePlus Pad with rounded sides and a flat display, but appears a bit bigger than the standard model. The flat display also seems to have a thin bezel and could offer stylus support. It remains unclear if the OnePlus-branded stylus shown in the images will also be launched with the tablet at the event. Also seen alongside the OnePlus Pad Pro leaked images is a new keyboard accessory, which seems to have a proper laptop keyboard-like layout with directional buttons and also offers a much larger trackpad unlike the outgoing model. The tablet cover also seems to have an adjustable flip-out kick-stand at the back. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Government May Announce Common Charger Rule for Smartphones, Tablets Sold in India Starting in 2025: Report" ,  Smartphones sold in India will require a standardised charging connector which is likely to be the widely-used USB Type-C port, according to a report. This new rule is said to be aimed at enabling users to use a single cable to charge multiple devices – a measure to reduce e-waste, similar to the mandate issued by the European Union (EU) in 2022 that goes into effect at the end of this year. The government could also mandate the use of a Type-C port to charge laptops at a later date. Standarised USB Type-C Port Citing people familiar with the matter, Livemint reports that the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) may soon direct device manufacturers to include uniform charging ports in smartphones and tablets. This directive is also said to include laptops, but that rule will reportedly come into effect from 2026. The charging port in discussion is speculated to be the modern USB Type-C connector. According to the report, the purported mandate won't include wearable devices such as smartwatches and basic feature phones. This move will reportedly come into effect starting June 2025, and is said to be aimed at reducing the e-waste generated by multiple types of cables used by devices, enabling the user to charge all their devices with one cable. Realme GT 6 Might Launch in China With Different Design, Chipset The EU also passed a similar mandate in 2022, making USB Type-C the standard charging port across hardware such as smartphones, tablets, cameras, headphones and headsets, handheld video-game consoles and portable speakers. This move forced Apple to replace its proprietary lightning port with USB Type-C, starting with the iPhone 15 series in 2023. In November 2022, the government reportedly reached a consensus to adopt USB Type-C as the standard method of charging. Following a meeting with stakeholders from the industry, Consumer Affairs Secretary Rohit Kumar Singh said at the time, “During the meeting, a broad consensus emerged among stakeholders on adoption of USB Type-C as a charging port for electronic devices such as smartphones, tablets and laptops.” Apple’s Latest Update Allows iPhone, iPad Users to Format External Drives


Huawei Mate 70 Series Specifications Tipped; Said to Offer Improved Camera While no timeframe was mentioned at the time, it seems India is now gearing up to announce its common charger rules. The recent report also suggests that, MeitY will provide six months of additional time to “ensure compliance” by all the stakeholders. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Binance-Backed CoralApp Set to Launch Flagship Smartphone Powered by AI, Web3" ,  CoralApp, an AI-focussed project backed by Binance, is gearing up to enter the hypercompetitive smartphone market in the coming days. The company has conceptualised a smartphone, dubbed the Coral Phone, packed with Web3 and AI capabilities. While the device will support traditional smartphone functions and apps, it will also be able to work seamlessly with decentralised applications (dApps), decentralised finance (DeFi), and decentralised physical infrastructure networks (DePINs). Details on Coral Phone At present, there are an estimated 6.84 billion smartphones globally and the number is soon projected to reach 7.1 billion. Through its Web3-centric smartphone, CoralApp aims to push technologies like DeFi, GameFi, and SocialFi to the masses. The Coral Phone has been designed to provide direct access to decentralised apps, allow users to experience native on-chain games, and let users save their private wallet keys into the in-built Coral Vault, CoralApp said on the official website. CoinDCX App Revamped with New ‘Web3 Mode’: All Details “Coral Phone offers a comprehensive suite of features enabling users to explore, interact, and thrive in the decentralized digital landscape. From seamless multi-chain cryptocurrency management to native on-chain gaming, Coral Phone isn't just a smartphone — it's your portal to a new decentralised digital era,” the website explained. The company has teamed up with Acurast, a ‘decentralised serverless cloud,' to combine Web3 and cloud computing technologies for the Coral Phone. On the hardware front, the smartphone features a 6.55-inch AMOLED display and a 4800mAh battery. The dual-SIM phone will be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset and will work on customised Coral OS 1.0 based on Android 14. CoinStats Hits Pause After Security Breach Affects Over 1,500 Wallets “The first 2,000 early bird devices will be priced at 1500 USDT or $1,500 (roughly Rs. 1.25 lakh). Limited availability and the price of subsequent sales may be subject to change,” the website added. The interfacing of this phone will be decentralised, giving more independence to the users over their apps and content privacy. This AI layering on the device will enable it to offer an ‘intelligent' and secure overall performance, said a report by ZYCrypto. For now, CoralApp is letting users pre-register for these devices. While the exact date of the release of this device remains undisclosed, the website does say that the early birds will receive their devices by up to six months after having registered. Binance had incubated CoralApp as part of the Season 4 of its global Incubation Program in 2022. Web3 smartphones coming to mainstream markets The Coral Phone is not the first smartphone that combines the already matured smartphone technology with the emerging Web3 technology. In 2022, Solana Labs had unveiled its Solana Saga smartphone, packed with Web3 features like an inbuilt Seed Vault to safely store all the private keys linked to the device, among other Web3 features. 2/SolanaMobileStackIt's the toolkit you need to build beautiful, seamless web3 mobile experiences, coming first on Saga, a flagship device from @Solanamobile.Pre-order at https://t.co/pmJe7MUzQl pic.twitter.com/hSYPBaVM2i— Solana (@solana) June 23, 2022 This year in May, Jambo, a Web3-enabled smartphone brand gave details about the JamboPhone, which is priced at $99 (roughly Rs. 8,230) and is laden with support for Web3 functionalities.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Casio G-Shock GBD-300 Smartwatch With Slimmer Design, Water Resistance Unveiled" ,  Casio G-Shock GBD-300, with a shock-resistant design, has been unveiled. The smartwatch has a water resistance rating of 20 bar, which means it can be used during activities like swimming and other high-impact water sports. It supports Bluetooth connectivity and is compatible with the G-Shock Move companion app. The company has not yet revealed the price of the watch but has confirmed its design, specifications, and features. It is currently unclear whether the G-Shock GBD-300 will be introduced in India. Casio G-Shock GBD-300 design The newly unveiled Casio G-Shock GBD-300 features a slim, octagonal body and urethane band. The back bumper bezel has a bowl-shaped curvature which surrounds the case and helps with shock resistance as well as reduced contact with the back of the hand. The underside covering joins the band and the bezel which is claimed to assist flexible wrist movement. The parts of the band which come into contact with the skin have a dotted texture that prevents slipping or sticking due to perspiration, according to the company. Japanese Watch Giant Casio Forays into NFT Space: Details Casio G-Shock GBD-300 specifications, features The Casio G-Shock GBD-300 has a 20 bar water resistance rating and supports Bluetooth connectivity. It is compatible with the G-Shock Move app which helps track a user's activity. The data the smartwatch can process includes time, distance and pace travelled, as well as calories burned, daily step count and monthly running distance. The company says that the Casio G-Shock GBD-300 supports 38 time zones. It is equipped with a stopwatch, countdown timer and alarm features. The watch can support up to four daily alarms with the snooze function. It also includes support for an 'airplane' mode. Japan’s Casio Watch Brand Takes its G-Shock Line to Metaverse with Polygon


OnePlus Watch 2 May Get a Successor Soon; New Watch Spotted Online The G-Shock GBD-300 is claimed to offer up to two years of battery life on a CR2032 battery. It also comes with Casio's in-house Tough Solar technology which is said to convert light into power, using a range of sources from  sunlight to fluorescent lamps. The body of the watch measures 48.9 x 47.4 x 14.9mm in size, and it weighs around 60g along with the straps.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Blackmagic Camera App Comes to Samsung Galaxy and Google Pixel Smartphones" ,  Blackmagic Camera – the professional digital film camera and image processing app – is now available on Android smartphones, the company announced on Monday. The app features professional-grade video recording tools and is developed by Blackmagic, the Australian digital cinema hardware manufacturer. It was launched on iPhone last year and has now been brought to select Android smartphones, as per the company. Blackmagic Camera features In a newsroom post, Blackmagic announced that it is bringing its Camera app to select Samsung Galaxy and Google Pixel smartphones. It is claimed to be built on the same operating system as the company's more expensive film cameras, with digital film features and controls – the same tools used in feature films, television and documentaries.  Editing features in Blackmagic Camera appPhoto Credit: Blackmagic The Blackmagic Camera app also features support for Blackmagic Cloud, a network storage solution for media files, that can be used to collaborate with others using DaVinci Resolve, taking advantage of a chat workspace. Furthermore, the company claims it has a single-tap solution for adjusting settings such as frame rate, shutter angle, white balance, and ISO. Users can record media in industry standard formats in up to 8K resolution. It also lets users select from different codecs, including H.264, also known as Advanced Video Coding (AVC), and H.265, known as High-Efficiency Video Coding (HEVC). With Blackmagic Camera, users can shoot in 16:9 or vertical aspect ratios. The app also includes features such as focus assist, zebra, frame guides, and histogram – all of them aimed at improving the videography. The videos shot with the app can be timecoded and viewed with thumbnails in the media tab. Netflix May Launch Free Ad-Supported Plan in Select Markets


Gmail on iOS, Android Will Soon Get This New Gemini AI Feature


YouTube Is Testing a New Way to Boost Engagement for Small Creators Blackmagic Camera availability The Blackmagic Camera app is available for download on the Google Play Store for free. While it is being introduced for the Android platform, it is only available on the Samsung Galaxy S24 and S23 series, and the Google Pixel 8 and Pixel 7 series. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CoinDCX App Gets New ‘Web3 Mode’, Users to Get Access to Over 50,000 DEX Tokens" ,  CoinDCX crypto exchange announced Tuesday, June 25, that it was launching a new Web3 mode within its existing app. Through this new service, the exchange will expose users to over 50,000 decentralised tokens that have not yet been listed on centralised exchanges. The transactions related to the trade and purchase of these DEX tokens will be in a Rupee-friendly format for the 15 million users that CoinDCX claims to be catering to. What's CoinDCX's idea? At present, there are over 2.4 million cryptocurrencies in circulation around the world and more are entering the crypto market. Traders are frequently drawn towards investing in a handful of popular or utility cryptocurrencies, leaving hundreds and thousands of tokens unexplored because of the volatility and risk factor linked to them. CoinDCX, with this Web3 mode on its app, is looking to encourage investors to explore lesser-known digital assets. This would give the investors ample opportunities to engage with assets showing high-growth potential before these tokens reach broader markets, the company said in a prepared statement. Telegram-Backed TON Blockchain Under Threat of Phishing Attacks: Experts :rotating_light: Breaking :rotating_light:The Web3 mode is now live on CoinDCX! It's your time to make it count, with:large_green_circle:50,000+ Crypto Tokens:large_green_circle:Access to Early Alphas:large_green_circle:Buy/ Sell using INR*Explore the #Web3 mode on #CoinDCX now!*T&C applyDisclaimer: Crypto products and NFTs are unregulated and can… pic.twitter.com/OgQ7QYvUUA— CoinDCX: India's Safest Crypto Platform (@CoinDCX) June 25, 2024 It is however noteworthy, that investors will have to be thorough in analysing the decentralised cryptocurrencies they might feel intrigued to invest in. The history of the project a crypto is linked to and its price patterns are amongst parameters that must be examined before entering its ecosystem. “Users will now have access to emerging, trending, and pre-launch tokens from large and developing ecosystems such as Base, Solana, Binance Smart Chain, Polygon, and ten more chains. Users can buy tokens like ETH, Matic, USDT, USDC, and more through the conventional CoinDCX app using INR, and transfer them to Web3 Mode for purchasing assets within Web3,” the company explained. CoinStats Hits Pause After Security Breach Affects Over 1,500 Wallets ‘Milestone moment': CoinDCX co-founders on Web3 mode Sumit Gupta and Niraj Khandelwal, the co-founders of CoinDCX, have said that this ‘milestone moment' for the exchange will now pin it on the top of India's crypto exchange pyramid. “The launch of Web3 Mode marks a significant milestone in our mission to simplify Web3 access. This integration was made possible via Okto Chain. Last month, we introduced our fully expressive orchestration layer and in just a month, the first product using this technology is already live for CoinDCX users who can now interact with multiple chains, perform cross-chain token swaps, and confirm their identities across various networks—without dealing with the complexities of blockchain,” Khandelwal said, commenting on the development. To mark this, the exchange has announced a ‘points airdrop' initiative that will earn reward points for all CoinDCX's users – based on their transaction history on the app. With India reportedly estimated to house over 270 million crypto users by the end of this year, it seems only natural for crypto firms to increase the stakes and help interested investors venture into Web3 through crypto assets of their choice. In recent days, not just CoinDCX, but other crypto firms in India have refreshed their lists of crypto tokens available to be traded. Last week, for instance, Giottus crypto exchange added 43 new tokens on its crypto list, taking the total count of listed tokens on its platform to 300.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Snapchat Simplifies Location Sharing, Improves Blocking Feature to Protect Younger Users" ,  Snapchat on Tuesday announced that it was expanding its safety features on the popular photo and video messaging platform in an attempt to protect younger users on the platform. Users will be able to use the block feature more effectively, while location sharing has been simplified. Meanwhile, Snapchat says it will prevent strangers from sending a friend request to teenagers if they do not have any mutual friends. In-app warnings displayed inside the app will also warn younger users of the risks of responding to suspicious users. Snapchat improves blocking functionality According to details shared by Snapchat, the messaging app's blocking functionality has been expanded in order to protect users from being harassed repeatedly. If a user blocks someone on Snapchat, the app will automatically block new friend requests from other accounts created on the same device. Rival Instagram allows users to automatically block additional accounts created by a user. Stricter Snapchat friend request policy, simplified location sharing Users on Snapchat will no longer be able to send friend requests to users between the ages of 13 and 17, unless they have mutual friends. Similarly, users who access the app in "locations often associated with scamming activity" won't be able to send requests to users. According to the company, a localised version of this feature will be introduced in India soon. WhatsApp for Android May Get a New In-App Dialler in the Calls Tab Location sharing on Snapchat has also been simplified, allowing younger users to control which friends can see their location, on the Snap Map feature. The app will also show users regular reminders to review a list of people they have shared their location with, according to the company. Improved in-app warnings on Snapchat In order to protect teenagers from suspicious users and scammers, Snapchat says that its in-app warning system is now smarter and can warn users about messages from users who are from another region. A warning will also be shown to people who receive messages from users who have been blocked or reported. YouTube Cracks Down on VPN Users, Starts Cancelling Subscriptions: Report


WhatsApp Now Let's Users Make HD the Default Option When Sending Media


YouTube Tests AI Feature to Let You Generate Background Images in Shorts Snapchat says the new features announced on Tuesday will be rolled out across the service, and are aimed at keeping users safe on the platform. The service allows teenagers to use the platform, and these new features could help the platform reduce the risk of inappropriate content or contact from older users, cyber bullies, and scammers. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Rejected Meta’s Partnership Proposal to Bring Its AI Chatbot Months Ago: Report" ,  Apple, in an earlier report, was said to be in discussions with Meta to onboard it as a third-party artificial intelligence (AI) partner to power new features for its devices. However, a new report now claims that the two companies held brief talks months ago, where the social media giant proposed the integration of its AI chatbot into the iPhone, iPad, and Mac devices, but the Cupertino-based tech giant declined the proposal. The sticking point was said to be the privacy policies of Meta, of which Apple was not convinced. Apple, Meta are reportedly not in partnership discussions Bloomberg's Mark Gurman, notes in a report, that Apple and Meta are currently not in talks to forge an AI partnership. Citing unnamed people with knowledge of the matter, the report claimed that Meta approached the iPhone maker in March to become an AI partner and integrate its Llama 3 AI model into the operating systems of Apple devices. However, the discussions were held briefly and did not reach any formal stage, as per the report. The key hurdle is said to have been the privacy policies of Meta, which the tech giant did not find to be stringent enough. Notably, Meta has admitted that it is collecting user data to train its AI models. Apple’s Latest Update Allows iPhone, iPad Users to Format External Drives Notably in 2018, after a whistleblower revealed that consulting company Cambridge Analytica collected user data belonging to millions of Facebook users, Apple CEO Tim Cook said in an interview with Kara Swisher from Recode and MSNBC's Chris Hayes, “The truth is, we could make a ton of money if we monetised our customer — if our customer was our product. We've elected not to do that.” Gurman highlights that at present, Apple is not looking to build a partnership with Facebook's parent company. macOS Sequoia Beta 2 Released Alongside New Betas for tvOS 18, watchOS 11


Apple Releases iOS 18 Developer Beta 2 With iPhone Mirroring, More However, there is truth to reports that Apple is seeking third-party AI partners to integrate their AI models into its devices. After reporting the same earlier this month, Gurman reiterated that the iPhone maker is currently exploring a deal to bring Google Gemini to its product ecosystem. Separately, it is also said to be in discussions with Anthropic to add Claude AI to the list of AI models it intends to offer users. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 6 Said to Offer Different Design, Specifications in China; Tipped to Get Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC" ,  Realme GT 6 launched in India and select global markets recently with the Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset and AI-based features. Realme recently confirmed that the smartphone will debut in China in July. However, the China variant could possibly launch with different specifications. Compared to the Indian version, the Chinese variant of the Realme GT 6 is said to have an upgraded processor and a different design. It could come with an improved camera setup as well. Realme GT 6 alleged schematic Tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) has shared a mock-up of the Chinese variant of Realme GT 6's rear panel. The render shows a rectangular camera module located in the upper-left corner. It includes three cameras and an LED flash. Meanwhile, the variant launched in India has the LED flash arranged alongside the third camera sensor in a ring.  Realme GT 6 Chinese variant alleged schematicPhoto Credit: Weibo  The Chinese variant of the Realme GT 6 is said to include a 50-megapixel primary sensor and could be available in a white colour option among other shades. The handset is tipped to feature a metal frame and a glass back. It could get a flat display and is said to run on the Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. The Indian and global model boasts a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC. Realme GT 6 Review Realme GT 6 price in India, specifications The Realme GT 6 is currently up for sale in India at Rs. 40,999 for the base 8GB + 256GB version. It is available in Fluid Sliver and Razor Green colour options. Realme Buds Air 6 Pro India Launch Date, Design, Key Features Revealed Realme GT 6 features a 6.78-inch full-HD+ (1,264x2,780 pixels) 8T LTPO AMOLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate and up to 6,000 nits brightness. It packs up to 16GB of RAM and up to 512B of storage. The phone features a triple rear camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-808 sensor with OIS support, a 50-megapixel Samsung JN5 telephoto sensor, and an 8-megapixel Sony IMX355 ultra wide-angle camera. It has a 32-megapixel camera on the front and is backed by a 5,500mAh battery with support for 120W charging support. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iOS 18, iPadOS 18 Developer Beta Users Can Now Format External Drives Via Files App" ,  Apple introduced several new features with new operating system updates for its suite of devices, namely the iPhone, iPad and Mac at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10. The iOS 18 and iPadOS 18 updates bring artificial intelligence (AI) features, a new Calculator app, enhanced Photos app and other quality-of-life updates. However, one feature which Apple did not advertise and has gone under the radar is the ability to format external drives via the Files app. Format external drive via Files app on iOS 18 Both iOS 18 and iPadOS 18 updates, for the iPhone and the iPad respectively, bring native support for drive formatting. This means users can now format externally connected drives directly via the Files app. This feature is said to have been introduced with the OS developer beta updates which are currently available to registered developers.  Disk formatting options in iOS 18 The ability to format external drives builds upon the erase functionality which Apple introduced with iOS 17. While users could only erase the drives externally connected to their Apple devices, they can now format them too, enhancing the disk utility features present in the Apple operating system. To format a drive, one simply needs to tap and hold on an external drive volume and select the Erase option. A new menu appears below the textbox which lists different formats. Apple allows users to choose from three formats: ExFAT, MS-DOS (FAT) and APPS (Apple File System). APFS also provides options for Case Sensitive or Encrypted format. According to the company, APFS is “recommended for macOS, iOS and iPadOS.” It also mentions that MS-DOS (FAT) is compatible with other devices including PCs and cameras. Gadgets 360 staff members were able to confirm the existence of this feature in the iOS 18 Developer Beta update for the iPhone. macOS Sequoia Beta 2 Released Alongside New Betas for tvOS 18, watchOS 11


Apple Releases iOS 18 Developer Beta 2 With iPhone Mirroring, More


Apple Reportedly Exploring Partnership With Meta for AI Features iOS 18, iPadOS 18 compatibility Apple says devices including the iPhone XR and newer models, up to the iPhone 15 Pro Max, will get the iOS 18 update. On the other hand, the iPadOS 18 compatible models include the iPad Pro (12.9-inch) or later, iPad Air (2019) or later, iPad (2019) or later, and iPad mini (2019). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Izi Iris Detachable Pocket Gimbal India Launch Date Set for July 20; Key Features Revealed" ,  Izi Iris, a portable gimbal, will launch in India soon. It is claimed to be the country's first detachable pocket gimbal. A gimbal is often used to capture steady, shake-free videos. The upcoming Izi Iris is said to offer that but in a more compact and travel-friendly size compared to other traditional gimbals. The company has announced the launch date of the Izi Iris in the country and revealed its design, key features as well as the price range. Izi Iris price in India, launch date The Izi Iris will launch in India on July 20, the company said in a press release. The company also revealed that the portable gimbal will be priced in the country at around Rs. 25,000. The exact price will likely be announced during the launch of the product. Izi Iris features Izi Iris pocket gimbal is confirmed to feature a 1/1.3-inch CMOS Cine-Sensor that is claimed to offer high-quality images. It will also be equipped with an ultra-wide 140-degree lens. The company claims that the upcoming gimbal will be ideal for adventure lovers and vloggers. Izi Mini X Nano Drone Launched in India; See Price and Specifications The Izi Iris will sport a 1.5-inch AMOLED touch display which is meant to allow users easy monitoring as well as seamless control and navigation of the device. It is confirmed to support up to 512GB storage and a claimed battery life of up to 116 minutes. Samsung May Host Galaxy Unpacked on July 10 for Galaxy Z Foldable Phones


iQoo Z9 Lite Launch Timeline, Colour Options Tipped Notably, the Izi Mini X Standalone nano drone was launched in India in January this year. It is priced at Rs. 29,999, while the Mini X Fly More Combo is listed at Rs. 37,999. It is equipped with a Sony CMOS sensor and supports 4K video recording. It can also transmit live videos from a maximum distance of 4km.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Huawei Mate 70 Series Tipped to Get New Camera System, Satellite Communication, 1.5K Display, More" ,  Huawei is expected to announce the Mate 70 series in the fourth quarter of this year as a direct successor to the Mate 60 lineup. The upcoming lineup could include Huawei Mate 70, Mate 70 Pro, and Mate 70 Pro+ models. The Chinese tech brand is yet to confirm the existence of the new series but ahead of it, a new leak has appeared on Weibo detailing its specifications. The Huawei Mate 70 phones are said to come with an upgraded Kirin chipset and improved imaging capabilities. They could support wireless charging and satellite communication. Huawei Mate 70 series specifications (expected) Tipster Smart Pikachu (translated from Chinese) on Weibo posted that the Huawei Mate 70 series will come with significant upgrades like satellite communication support. It is said to feature new variable aperture technology and a periscope telephoto sensor. The handsets could offer a 3D spatial zoom feature for providing an immersive video and audio experience. It is speculated to be unveiled around October. Huawei Mate 70 lineup is tipped to run on HarmonyOS Next operating system built on the Hongmeng kernel. It is expected to ship with a Kirin chip with AI-based features. The upcoming smartphones are said to retain 1.5K resolution displays. Huawei Mate 70 Models Tipped to Compete With Upcoming iPhone 16 Series Huawei Mate 60 price, specifications The Huawei Mate 60 was launched in September last year with a starting price of CNY 5,999 (roughly Rs. 68,500). It runs on Harmony OS 4 and features a 6.69-inch LTPO OLED (1,216x2,688 pixels) display with up to 120Hz adaptive refresh rate. It flaunts a triple rear camera setup that includes a 50-megapixel primary sensor. For selfies, there is a single 8-megapixel sensor on the front. Huawei MatePad SE 11 With 7,700mAh Battery, 11-inch Display Debuts Huawei has packed a 4,750Ah battery in the Huawei Mate 60 with 66W fast charging, 50W wireless fast charging, and reverse wireless charging. It is IP68 rated for water resistance and is available in 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB onboard storage options. The handset offers a two-way Beidou satellite messaging functionality as well.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Bringing Gemini AI Chatbot to Teen Students in More Than 100 Countries" ,  Google announced that it will be making its artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot Gemini available to teen students soon, on Monday. So far, Gemini was only available to users above the age of 18. With this move, the tech giant is now letting students access the AI capability of its in-house large language model (LLM). The company said that the feature will be rolled out to students in more than 100 countries in the coming months. Gemini chatbot for students will also come with several guardrails to protect them from harmful content. Gemini AI for teen students features In a blog post, Google highlighted that it released a responsible Gemini experience for teenagers using their personal Google accounts. The company claimed it consulted child safety and development experts to ensure that the chatbot was safe for underage users. Building up on that, Google said that Gemini will be available to teen students in the coming months.  The students will have to meet the minimum age requirements set by Google. These features will be available via Google Workspace for Education accounts which is only available to education institutions that have qualified its basic eligibility criteria. Students will be able to access Gemini free of charge when using their Education account. Gemini will be available only in English for these users. The company stated that it is also taking multiple steps to ensure the AI chatbot is safe to use and can act in an assistive role for students. The first in the list is enhanced admin controls. Teenagers will only be able to use Gemini after admins turn it on using the Admin console. It will remain off by default. In India and the US, Gemini AI will be available to students above the age of 13 who are enrolled in an institution that has access to Google Workspace for Education. Other countries can check the minimum age requirement here. Coming to features, Google said Gemini has been tuned to filter out content that might be inappropriate for teen students. This version of the chatbot will also come with guardrails to prevent inappropriate responses from appearing. A new onboarding experience including an AI Literacy video has also been added to help students understand Gemini, its purpose, and what to use it for. You can check the video below. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Further, a Learning Coach feature is also being added. It is a custom version of Gemini which is powered by LearnLM. This feature will assist teen students study in a step-by-step manner, offer practice activities, and help students find solutions using their own thinking ability. Google Pixel May Get a New Device Temperature Monitoring Feature


How Google's Tensor G5 Chip Could Offer Improved Efficiency


Google Brings Gemini App to India In English, 9 Indian Languages In addition, the tech giant announced the release of Read Along in Google Classroom. The feature is designed to help students build reading skills and offer real-time support. This will allow educators to assign reading activities to students based on grade level or phonic skills and then check insights into their reading ability later. The feature is being launched globally in English. The company also plans to introduce Google Vids, a video creation platform, to Google Workspace Education Plus accounts later this year. To begin with, this feature will be available without AI, however, the AI version can be accessed with a Gemini for Google Workspace add-on. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Netflix May Reportedly Introduce a Free Ad-Supported Plan in Select Asian, European Markets" ,  Netflix may introduce a free plan, enabling users to consume its content without having to pay for it, but with ads, according to a report. The video-streaming platform is said to be considering introducing a free plan in select markets around the world. If it comes to fruition, this new tier would sit below the ad-supported plan that is currently the most affordable way to watch Netflix, but only in certain regions. Netflix's free ad-supported plan According to a Bloomberg report, the video-streaming platform has discussed offering a free plan in Asian and European markets where other free TV networks also have free plans. This plan is speculated to offer free viewing of Netflix's content but with ads. Citing people familiar with the company's plans, the report suggested that this move aimed at increasing the video-streaming platform's audience. If true, it wouldn't be the first time Netflix will offer free video streaming. In 2021, a free plan was introduced in Kenya for Android smartphones. However, it was discontinued last year. While it may target users in Asia and Europe, the report suggests Netflix has no plans to introduce this free tier in the US. Notably, it already offers an ad-supported plan which is the most affordable way to watch Netflix, priced at $6.99 (roughly Rs. 600) per month. YouTube Is Testing a New Way to Boost Engagement for Small Creators According to Amy Reinhard, Netflix's President of Advertising, this ad-based plan has currently 40 million active users globally, compared to the 5 million user mark last year. Furthermore, the company claims that 40 percent of all its sign-ups come from the ad-supported plan, in countries where it is available. Best OTT Releases of the Week to Binge-Watch


Have an Old Apple TV? You May Reportedly Lose Access to Netflix Soon Apart from gaining more viewers, the rumoured free plan may also help bring in more advertising for the video-streaming platform, as per the report. If true, it would go hand in hand with the company's plans for an in-house advertising technology platform that is confirmed to launch by the end of 2025. According to Netflix, this would open up new ways for advertisers to “new ways to buy, new insights to leverage, and new ways to measure impact.” .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Sony Said to be Working on Native PS3 Backwards Compatibility on PS5" ,  The PlayStation 5 remains a powerful and capable console almost four years on since it launched in 2020. Sony's current-gen console has sold nearly 60 million units and has remained far ahead of its Microsoft competitor, the Xbox Series S/X consoles. The PS5 boasts of a strong library of games, but when it comes to offering backwards compatibility, the console trails Xbox. Sony, however, seems to be aiming to close the gap, with a fresh rumour claiming that the PlayStation parent is still working on backwards compatibility for PS3 games on PS5. PS3 backwards compatibility on PS5 The PS5 has no trouble running PS4 titles, in addition to games available natively on the current-gen console. A rich PS4 library of games, many of which have received updates to perform better on the PS5, has helped bolster the catalogue of titles available on Sony's console. The PS5, however, still doesn't support PS3 games. Its lack complete backwards compatibility sticks out, especially since the Xbox Series S/X can run compatible Xbox 360 and original Xbox games without any issues. Sony has long been rumoured to be working on PS3 emulation that would allow users to play games from the PS3 era on modern consoles. Those rumours gathered steam Monday when journalist and industry insider Jeff Grubb claimed that Sony was indeed working on PS3 emulation for “quite some time.” PS5 Players Can Soon Join Discord Voice Chats Directly From Console Grubb, commenting on the rumour on the Game Mess Mornings podcast for Giant Bomb, said that a PS3 emulator that can run PS3 era games natively on the PS5 has been in the works for long. “It's something that I've heard. It's been in the works for quite some time. I thought it was going to get revealed earlier this year when if first heard about it. That clearly didn't happen,” Grubb said on the podcast. “But that doesn't mean it will never happen. Maybe it does,” he added. The journalist also discussed the possible ways classic PS3 games could be played natively on PS5. “The easiest way, really, is a backwards compatibility layer on the PS5, made by Sony so that it could just work on the PS5 if you put a (PS3) disc in, or maybe you could buy it again or something like that... we'll see.” PS Plus Game Catalog for June Announced: Monster Hunter Rise, FM24 and More PS Plus Classics Catalog Sony has not revealed any plans for an official PS3 emulation tool on the PS5. The current-gen console, however, supports select PS3 games through the Classics Catalog. PS5 users need to subscribe to PS Plus Deluxe/Premium membership to access the Classics Catalog. It's also worth noting that the PS3 era games on the catalogue aren't playable natively on the PS5 but are rather streamed over an Internet connection.  Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo Pad 3 Design, Colourways, RAM and Storage Variants Revealed" ,  Vivo Pad 3 has been quietly listed on the company's official website in China. However, Vivo has not revealed all the details of the tablet. The design, colourways as well as the RAM and storage configurations of the tablet have been confirmed. The Vivo Pad 3 will join the Vivo Pad 3 Pro, which was introduced in March this year. As the moniker suggests, the upcoming tablet will be a watered-down variant of the Pro model, and is expected to be cheaper. Vivo Pad 3 design, colour options, RAM and storage variants The Vivo Pad 3 appears with a flat display with uniform bezels and a slightly raised, circular rear camera module in the top left corner of the back panel. The tablet is listed in the Vivo China e-store with three colourways - Cold Star Grey, Spring Tide Blue, and Thin Purple (translated from Chinese). The official listing also confirms that the Vivo Pad 3 will be available for purchase in four RAM and storage configurations - 8GB + 128GB, 8GB + 256GB, 12GB + 256GB, and 12GB + 512GB. The company has yet to confirm the prices of these variants. The tablet will be open for pre-orders in China starting June 28. Vivo Pad 3 to Run on MediaTek Dimensity 9300 SoC, Geekbench Listing Suggests Vivo Pad 3 specifications (expected) Vivo Pad 3 is speculated to be a rebranded iQoo Pad 2. Its design and the RAM and storage variants are similar to the iQoo tablet. Therefore, if the speculations are correct, the Vivo Pad 3 will likely launch with similar features as the iQoo Pad 2. The iQoo Pad 2, unveiled in China in May this year, comes with a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset and a 10,000mAh battery with 44W wired fast charging support. It sports a 12.05-inch 120Hz display, ships with Android 14-based OriginOS 4, and is equipped with an eight-speaker audio system. The tablet gets a 5-megapixel front camera, and an 8-megapixel rear sensor alongside an LED flash unit. Vivo Pad 3 Pro With 13-Inch Display, Vivo TWS 4 Series Debut: All Details


iQoo Pad 2 Pro, iQoo Pad 2 Debut With Up to 3.1K Display iQoo Pad 2 in China starts at CNY 2,499 (roughly Rs. 24,000) for the 8GB + 128GB option, while the 8GB + 256GB version is listed at CNY 2,799 (roughly Rs. 32,000). The 12GB + 256GB and 12GB + 512GB variants, on the other hand, are marked at CNY 3,099 (roughly Rs. 35,000) and CNY 3,399 (roughly Rs. 39,000), respectively.   Is the Xiaomi Pad 6 the best Android tablet you can buy under Rs. 30,000 in India? We discuss the company's latest mid-range tablet on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "macOS Sequoia Beta 2 With iPhone Mirroring Released Alongside New tvOS 18, watchOS 11 Beta Versions" ,  macOS Sequoia Beta 2 was rolled out by Apple on Monday, two weeks after the company unveiled its next generation of operating system updates for its devices. The second macOS Sequoia beta release adds support for iPhone Mirroring, a feature that expands the company's Continuity features by allowing users to view and control apps and features on their iPhone from their Mac computer. The company has also rolled out the second beta versions of iOS 18, tvOS 18, visionOS 2, and watchOS 11. Developers and enthusiasts who download the latest macOS Sequoia Beta 2 will be able to try out the new iPhone Mirroring feature, which displays a user's smartphone, including their wallpaper and Home Screen icons. The feature also allows users to interact with apps running on their iPhone, using their mouse, trackpad, and keyboard. At WWDC 2024, Apple also revealed that iPhone Mirroring would allow users to access their phone even when the display is locked, while also viewing information using widgets in StandBy mode. Another feature that is coming to all users later this year is notification mirroring, with support for responding from the computer.  macOS Sequoia also adds support for mirroring iPhone notificationsPhoto Credit: Apple  In order to try out the new iPhone Mirroring feature, users will need to update to macOS Sequoia Beta 2, while their iPhone must be updated to iOS 18 Beta 2. Other notable feature on the latest beta include the native support for window tiling and Apple's new password management app. On the other hand, developers can also download and test the second beta releases for tvOS 18 and visionOS 2 which were also rolled out by Apple on Monday, along with watchOS 11. When these OS updates roll out later this year, they are expected to arrive with new features such as an InSight feature (tvOS 18) and a new Vitals app (watchOS 11). Apple Releases iOS 18 Developer Beta 2 With iPhone Mirroring, More


Apple Delays the Launch of These Apple Intelligence Features in Europe


Final Cut Camera App Brings Professional Camera Controls to iPhone


iOS 18 May Bring AI Performance Boost to iPhone, Geekbench Score Suggests


These Apple Intelligence Features Might Not Come to Your iPhone Till 2025 It's worth noting that you can't roll back to the stable version of watchOS 10 after updating to the beta release, so you'll have to deal with any existing bugs and wait for subsequent beta versions, before installing  the final watchOS 11 release to return to the stable channel. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Gmail Rolling Out Gemini AI-Powered Summarise Feature for iOS and Android" ,  Gmail is getting a couple of new artificial intelligence (AI) features. One of them brings the Summarise email feature, which was previously only available on the web, to the iOS and Android apps. The web version of Gmail will also get the Gemini side panel that was recently rolled out for other Google apps including Google Docs, Google Sheets, Google Slides, and Drive. These AI features will be available to Google Workspace users who either have a business or education account or those with a Google One AI Premium subscription. Gmail gets new Gemini AI features The new AI features were announced via a Google Workspace Updates post on Monday. The biggest addition is the expansion of the Summarise email feature to iOS and Android apps. Those who prefer to use Gmail on their smartphone can also quickly get the summary of an email thread to get the context of the conversation. The feature is intended to save users the time and effort to read long email threads. The Gemini AI-powered Summarise feature analyses email threads and presents a summarised view in a bottom sheet with key highlights. Summaries can be accessed in any email thread that has at least two replies to the primary email. Apart from this, the post highlighted that Contextual Smart Reply and Gmail Q&A are also coming to the mobile apps soon. Gmail for web is also getting a new layout change for the Gemini features. Gemini AI will now appear in a side panel which will open on top of the right margin. The side panel was previously added to several other Google Workspace apps. Gemini in Gmail is powered by the Gemini 1.5 Pro AI model. It offers several features including Summarising an email thread, suggesting responses to an email thread, drafting an email, and letting users ask questions about specific information from emails.  Gmail's Gemini AI side panelPhoto Credit: Google Workspace  Meta Is Using Your Data to Train Its AI Chatbot, But You Can Stop It


Synthesia 2.0 AI Video Communications Platform Launched for Enterprises


Qualcomm’s AI Models Are Now Available to All App Developers Google said that it has begun rolling out these features but it can take a few days before they become visible to everyone. These Gemini AI features will be available to Google Workspace users with Gemini Business and Enterprise add-on, Gemini Education and Education Premium add-on, and Google One AI Premium subscription. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iQoo Z9 Lite Launch Timeline, Colour Options Tipped; Could be Rebranded Vivo T3 Lite 5G" ,  iQoo Z9 Lite, a budget variant said to be part of the iQoo Z9 lineup, could launch soon. The company has not yet confirmed the handset but leaks suggest that it will likely be a 5G offering. The rumoured smartphone is expected to join the iQoo Z9 5G and the iQoo Z9x 5G, which were unveiled in India in March and May this year, respectively. A tipster has now suggested that the iQoo Z9 Lite is likely to launch next month. iQoo Z9 Lite launch timeline, colour options (expected) The iQoo Z9 Lite may launch in mid-July as the company's "first entry-level 5G phone," claimed tipster Mukul Sharma (@stufflistings) in an X post. He added that the purported handset is likely to be offered in two colour options - Blue and Brown. iQoo Z9 Lite features, price (expected) iQoo Z9 Lite is speculated to be a rebranded version of the Vivo T3 Lite 5G, which is confirmed to launch in India on June 27. The upcoming Vivo handset is claimed to be India's “most affordable” 5G-supported smartphone by the company so far. If the rumours are true, the iQoo Z9 Lite will share similar specifications as the Vivo T3 Lite 5G. iQoo Z9x Review: Budget 5G Redefined? A live Flipkart microsite confirms that the Vivo T3 Lite 5G will come with a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset and an AI-backed Sony rear camera system. It is teased to arrive in black and green colourways. More details are expected to be revealed ahead of the launch. iQoo Z9 Review


iQoo Z9 Turbo+ Tipped to Launch Soon With This MediaTek Dimensity Chipset The Vivo T3 Lite 5G is tipped to be priced under Rs. 12,000 in India. Therefore, the iQoo Z9 Lite could be listed in a similar range. Notably, the iQoo Z9 5G and the iQoo Z9x 5G start in India at Rs. 19,999 and Rs. 12,999, respectively.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung May Host Galaxy Unpacked on July 10; Pre-Reservations for New Galaxy Z Phones Could Start This Week" ,  Samsung's second Galaxy Unpacked event of the year is expected to take place in early July and multiple sources have already claimed that the brand has chosen July 10 as the date. Most recently, a Dutch retailer corroborated this rumour by posting an official banner for the big launch event. Additionally, Samsung has allegedly started sending out messages to customers in India revealing the reservation date for the Galaxy Z Flip 6 and Galaxy Z Fold 6. Retailer confirms Galaxy Unpacked event date Dutch retailer mobiel.nl updated its website with a new banner showing that Samsung will host its next Galaxy Unpacked event on July 10. The banner (now removed), spotted by Tweakers (Dutch) includes a graphic that seemingly hints at the next-generation foldables, S Pen, and the Galaxy AI logo. As per the banner, the event will be live streamed on Samsung.com. The July 10 date for the Galaxy Unpacked event has been rumoured before. The launch is anticipated to take place in Paris. The company is expected to unveil the Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6, Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch Ultra, Galaxy Buds 3, and the Galaxy Ring at the event. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Specifications Allegedly Revealed in Massive Leak Samsung could begin reservations for new phones this week Meanwhile, SamMobile reports that customers in India are getting emails from the Samsung Experience Store about a reservation date this week. As per the alleged email, pre-reservation of Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 smartphones will kick off on June 26. While the information seems India-specific, the brand could start pre-orders for the upcoming foldables in other global markets on the same date. Samsung May Bump Up the Price of Galaxy Z Flip 6 This year's Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 are expected to offer a small upgrade from last year's models. They are said to ship with Android 14 and Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 for Galaxy SoC with a maximum clock speed of 3.9GHz. 




title = "YouTube Tests New ‘Hype’ Feature, Boosting Community Engagement for Small Creators" ,  YouTube is testing a new way that can provide more community support to small content creators, the company announced on Monday. The feature, called ‘Hype', is being made available to viewers in select regions. Content creators within the criteria will be eligible for this new program. It is just one of the features that is being developed by the video-streaming platform, in addition to a reported sleep timer that could also be introduced. YouTube Hype feature The details of the new ‘Hype' feature were posted on YouTube's support page by a Community Specialist. As per the post, viewers in Brazil, Turkey, and Taiwan can now ‘Hype' a video, in addition to liking it, which will boost its rankings amongst other videos published in the last seven days. The more hyped a video is, the higher it will be ranked, as per the company. At present, viewers can like and share videos they love which helps creators. Moreover, they can also utilise options such as Super Chat and Super Stickers to gain a monetary benefit apart from the ad revenue. YouTube May Bring a Sleep Timer to Its Android App YouTube says the ‘Hype'-based rankings will appear under the Explore tab. This move is said to help small content creators receive greater community support and reach a wider audience. However, there is a catch. According to the video-streaming platform, only YouTube Partner Program creators with less than 500,000 subscribers are eligible for the ‘Hype' program. Furthermore, all of their videos must comply with YouTube's Community Guidelines. This initiative is still only in the test phase and it remains unknown if it will be rolled out to more content creators in the future. Notes on YouTube On June 17, YouTube announced that it would enable users to post comments below videos to provide easy-to-understand context. The video-streaming platform is introducing it as an experimental feature in the English language to users in the US. Meta Is Using Your Data to Train Its AI Chatbot, But You Can Stop It


WhatsApp for Android May Get a New In-App Dialler in the Calls Tab Users will find a new Add note option below the video, as per YouTube. They can use the textbox to provide more context and then hit Send to publish the note. YouTube claims the published note will exclude the creator's name. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme C61 With IP54 Rating Set to Launch in India on June 28: Expected Specifications, Price" ,  Realme C61 is set to launch in India this week, the company officially confirmed on Monday. This development comes a day after alleged renders, expected specifications, and price of the smartphone surfaced online. The Realme C61 has since been listed on the official brand website and also has a microsite on Flipkart, hinting at a few features of the upcoming smartphone, such as its water resistance rating, durability and design. Realme C61 launch in India According to the official Realme website, the Realme C61 will launch in India on June 28 at 12pm IST. It is teased to offer TUV Rheinland certification and an integrated metallic frame. Realme says its upcoming smartphone is “tough as steel”. The company also confirmed that the Realme C61 will feature an IP54 rating against dust and water ingress. It will also have a “reinforced glass”. While no details about its pricing were revealed, it is likely to be an offering in the budget smartphone segment. Apple Releases iOS 18 Developer Beta 2 With iPhone Mirroring, More Realme C61 specifications and price (leaked) Realme C61 may sport an HD+ display with a resolution of 1600 x 720 pixels and a 320 DPI pixel density. As per a recent leak, the phone was allegedly spotted on the Google Play Console with model number RMX3939. Under the hood, the smartphone could be powered by a Unisoc Speedtrum T612 4G chipset, meaning it would have 4G capabilities. In terms of optics, Realme C61 is expected to feature a 50-megapixel dual camera system, the report suggests. The latest teaser shared by the company confirms the presence of two cameras at the back of the smartphone, along with an LED flash. However, the design appears to be slightly different than the renders which surfaced online. The Unisoc chip could be paired with 4GB or 6GB RAM and up to 128GB storage. Furthermore, it is speculated to run on Android 14 out of the box. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G With 80W SuperVOOC Charging Launched in India


Samsung May Bump Up the Price of Galaxy Z Flip 6 The report suggests the Realme C61 may be priced at EUR 130 (roughly Rs. 11,600) in the global markets. In India, it could be sold for under Rs. 10,000. It may be available in different colourways, depending on the region in which it is sold. In the global markets, Realme C61 may come in Dark Black and Dark Green options, while the Indian variant could have Marble Black and Safari Green colourways. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iOS 18 Developer Beta 2 With iPhone Mirroring, More Features Now Available" ,  Apple released the iOS 18 Developer Beta 2 on Monday, hours after Apple revealed that not all of its features would be coming to the European Union (EU). The next generation of iPhone's operating system was first showcased at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10 and has since been rolled out to registered developers via iOS 18 Developer Beta 1. The first beta update brought several new features to the iPhone, such as letting users hide the app, folder and widget names from the home screen and enabling dark mode for first-party app icons. With the latest update, Apple has added even more features to the iPhone. iOS 18 Developer Beta 2 features With iOS 18 Developer Beta 2, Apple brings iPhone Mirroring. This feature was showcased during the WWDC 2024 keynote and allows users to mirror their iPhone on their Mac. They can receive calls and notifications, control the apps and transfer files between both devices via a simple drag and drop. This feature is activated when the iPhone is paired with a Mac running macOS Sequoia beta 2.  iOS 18 Developer Beta 2 Update for iPhone Furthermore, the update also adds a new toggle for RCS Messaging in the iPhone's settings. However, the functionality is not said to be activated yet and only shows up for users in the US whose carrier supports RCS Messaging, such as AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon. While iOS 18 Developer Beta 1 added Dark Mode to the iPhone's home screen icons, the latest update adds a new dark-themed icon for the App Store. Users can now also make their wallpapers darker with a new option that tints the wallpaper. Another notable feature is the added support for compliance with the EU's Digital Markets Act (DMA). It brings support for alternative app stores as well as enabling users to download apps directly from websites. Other features introduced with iOS 18 Developer Beta 2 include a new widget for Connected Cards in the Wallet app, a + icon in the Passwords app for quickly saving new entries, and enhanced feedback for the power button in the Control Centre. Apple Reportedly Exploring Partnership With Meta for AI Features


Apple Could Be Planning Multiple Vision Pro Variants in Future: Report


Apple Delays the Launch of These Apple Intelligence Features in Europe Apart from iOS 18, Apple also released developer beta updates for macOS, iPadOS, visionOS, tvOS and watchOS. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Telegram-Backed TON Blockchain Under Threat of Phishing Attacks, Experts Warn" ,  The Web3 sector is generally considered to have a high exposure to cyber-attacks and hacks, but Telegram-backed The Open Network (TON) blockchain has particularly found itself in trouble. As per blockchain security firm SlowMist, the TON blockchain faces a high risk of phishing attacks. The entire TON ecosystem is currently under threat, which could negatively impact the blockchain's near future plans, especially at a time when the project admittedly aims to onboard 500 million users on-chain by 2028. What do cyber experts say? Yu Xian, the founder of SlowMist, alerted the team behind the TON blockchain about looming phishing threats to the network on June 23. In phishing attacks, the actor entices potential victims into sharing their private information – personal as well as financial – in order to exploit the information and steal funds. “There are more and more phishing activities in the TON ecosystem. The Telegram ecosystem is too free, and many phishing links (or bot forms) are spread through message groups, airdrops and other deceptive methods,” Xian posted through his Twitter account that goes by the handle @evilcos. Hong Kong Sets Up Subcommittee to Explore Legislations Around Crypto Since TON users can link their wallets to their Telegram accounts, Xian fears that if the integrity of TON-linked wallets is violated, it could expose the affected users' private messages as well. The expert believes that the developers behind the TON blockchain should start taking measures to mitigate the situation. As per Chainalysis, 2022 saw victims lose an estimated $516.8 million (roughly Rs. 4,314 crore) to crypto phishing scams. In 2023, this number stood at $374.6 million (roughly Rs. 3,127 crore) through November. India Fines Binance $2.2 Million for Breaching Anti-Money Laundering Laws As of now, TON has not reacted to the development. Growth of TON For Telegram founders, the Durov brothers, the idea for The Open Network first took shape around 2018. Later in 2022, the TON mainnet went fully live and operational. Just recently, the TON coin was listed on Binance for deposits and withdrawals. At the time of writing, TON was trading at $7.31 (roughly Rs. 610) on CoinMarketCap. :speaker: @binance opens deposits and withdrawals for $USDt on #TON! :gem: https://t.co/Jwwkfe2YVG— TON :gem: (@ton_blockchain) June 21, 2024 Since 2022, Web3 investment company DWF Labs infused $10 million (roughly Rs. 80 crore) in the Layer-1 blockchain network. Around the same time, Telegram said it would auction rare usernames on the TON marketplace.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Boult Unveils Torq, Dash, and Derby TWS Earphones in India in Partnership With Ford Mustang: Price, Specifications" ,  Boult has unveiled a new line of true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones in India in partnership with Ford's iconic Mustang muscle car. The newly launched products include the Boult Mustang Torq, the Boult Mustang Dash, and the Boult Mustang Derby. The design of these TWS wearables is inspired by the Ford Mustang. These audio products are equipped with 13mm drivers and quad mic systems backed by environmental noise cancellation (ENC). They offer a total battery life of up to 100 hours and come with support for fast charging. Boult Mustang Torq, Dash, Derby price in India, availability The Boult Mustang Torq, Dash, and Derby TWS earphones are each currently available in the country at a special introductory price of Rs. 1,299. They can be purchased via the Boult India website or through popular e-commerce sites like Amazon and Flipkart. Boult Mustang Torq, Dash, Derby specifications, features The Boult Mustang Torq, Dash, and Derby TWS earphones come with 13mm drivers backed by BoomX technology. Users can modify and manage several functions of the earphones through touch controls including access to Google's Voice Assistant. The earphones are also compatible with the Boult Amp application and come with an IPX5 rating for splash resistance. Boult Forays Into Auto Sector With Launch of CruiseCam X1 Series Dashcam All the earphones in the lineup support Bluetooth 5.4 with Blink & Pair support that is said to help the earphones connect swiftly and seamlessly with other Bluetooth devices. The Mustang Dash and Mustang Derby support dual device connectivity, however, the Mustang Torq can connect to only one Bluetooth device at a time. They all support 45ms ultra-low latency Combat Gaming Mode, while the Boult Mustang Torq feature Mode Sync LEDs. Boult Z60 With 13mm Drivers, IPX4 Rating Debuts in India: See Price


This Apple Watch Ultra Clone from Boult Is Priced Under Rs. 2,000 The Boult Mustang Dash and Mustang Derby are claimed to offer a total playback time of up to 100 hours each, while the Boult Mustang Torq provides a total battery life of up to 50 hours. Boult claims that with just 10 minutes of charging, the earphones can provide a playback time of 100 minutes. The charging cases support USB Type-C connectivity.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Hong Kong to Explore Legislations Around Crypto, Sets Up Dedicated Subcommittee" ,  Cryptocurrencies have made their mark on the fintech sector in several nations but have met with regulatory challenges because of the associated risks and volatile nature of the crypto market. Hong Kong is the latest to join the list of Asian regions that are accelerating efforts to establish a regulatory framework to oversee the crypto sector. The HKSAR Legislative Council, over the weekend, announced the setting up of a new subcommittee, that will dedicate its time to drafting detailed crypto laws. Hong Kong aims to become crypto hotspot Hong Kong authorities have prioritised making the region lucrative for Web3 businesses. After all, despite the financial risks involved with digital assets, the crypto market presently sits atop a valuation of $2.26 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,88,68,265 crore). Johnny NG Kit-Chong, a member of the HKSAR, took to X to announce the creation of the crypto-focussed subcommittee. In his post, Kit-Chong disclosed that the subcommittee will explore regulations from two aspects – one regarding Web3 policies and the other around virtual assets. CoinStats Hits Pause After Security Breach Affects Over 1,500 Wallets From the point of view of Web3 policies, the subcommittee is tasked with balancing the growth of Web3 under a regulatory framework. The artificial intelligence (AI) sector will also be fostered by this newly formed body. Policy work around virtual assets, meanwhile, will revolve around protecting investors and consumers that could lead to a boost in market confidence. Other responsibilities assigned to the subcommittee, as per Kit-Chong, include assessing “potential application scenarios and risks of stablecoins in Hong Kong, and regulatory systems that ensure financial stability without stifling innovation.” India Fines Binance $2.2 Million for Breaching Anti-Money Laundering Laws The body will also devote time to exploring the demand for professional custody services due to the rise of virtual assets in Hong Kong and conducting research around corresponding custody methods and regulatory measures. The members of the committee are also inviting recommendations from the public, which they think can help them oversee Web3 elements like decentralised autonomous organisations (DAOs). “I welcome suggestions from the global Web3 industry. I will study them in detail and summarise them to present to the government through the Legislative Council platform,” the HKSAR Legislative Council member said. Where does Hong Kong stand on crypto? Hong Kong allows the trading and holding of cryptocurrencies, but no cryptocurrency is recognised as legal tender there. Crypto activities related to individual investors are not subject to taxes, however, firms indulging in professional crypto activities are subject to income tax. As per Triple-a.io, over 2.45 lakh people, or 3.27 percent of Hong Kong's total population, currently own cryptocurrencies. Last month, Hong Kong's Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) announced that it would be conducting checks to see if all crypto functional exchanges were adhering to the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing Ordinance (AMLO) on priority. Prior to this in April, Hong Kong followed the US to approve ETFs related to Bitcoin and Ether, aiming to boost the engagement of institutional investors with these otherwise risky digital assets.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G With 50-Megapixel Main Camera, 80W SuperVOOC Charging Launched in India: Price" ,  OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G has been launched in India. The smartphone succeeds the OnePlus Nord CE 3 Lite and joins the OnePlus Nord CE 4 5G handset which was unveiled in the country earlier this year. The Nord CE 4 Lite 5G comes with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 695 chipset and a 5,500mAh battery with 80W wired fast charging support. It is also equipped with a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit and a 16-megapixel front camera shooter. The phone runs Android 14-based OxygenOS 14 out-of-the-box. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G price in India The OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G starts in India at Rs. 19,999 for the 8GB + 128GB option. The 8GB + 256GB variant, on the other hand, is listed at Rs. 22,999. The phone is offered in the country in three colour options - Mega Blue, Super Silver, and Ultra Orange. The Mega Blue and Super Silver options will be available for sale starting June 27 via Amazon, the OnePlus India website, and Vijay Sales. The Ultra Orange sale date will be announced later. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G specifications, features The OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G sports a 6.67-inch full-HD+ (1,080 x 2,400 pixels) AMOLED screen with up to 120Hz refresh rate, 2,100 nits of peak brightness level and 20:9 aspect ratio. The handset is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 695 SoC paired with an Adreno 619 GPU, 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM and up to 256GB of UFS 2.2 onboard storage. It ships with Android 14-based OxygenOS 14. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Review For optics, the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G carries a dual rear camera unit which includes a 1/1.95-inch 50-megapixel Sony LYT-600 primary sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) and a 2-megapixel depth sensor. The front camera comes with a 16-megapixel sensor with electronic image stabilisation (EIS) support. OnePlus Nord CE 4 With Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC Goes Official


OnePlus Nord CE 3 Price in India Discounted: Here's How Much It Costs Now The OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G is backed by a 5,500mAh battery with support for 80W wired SuperVOOC and 5W reverse charging. The phone also supports 5G, Wi-Fi 5, GPS, Bluetooth 5.1, and USB Type-C connectivity. The handset arrives with an IP54-rated build for dust and splash resistance. It is equipped with an in-display fingerprint scanner as well as a 3.5mm audio jack. The phone measures 162.9 x 75.6 x 8.1mm in size and weighs 191g.   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Music Frame Wireless Speaker With Dolby Atmos Sound Launched in India" ,  Samsung Music Frame wireless Bluetooth speaker has been launched in India. This speaker comes with Dolby Atmos sound and 120W of sound output. The Samsung Music Frame include six speakers and in-built Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant. Samsung has equipped the speaker with Dolby Digital Plus and users can connect the Music Frame to their Samsung TV over Wi-Fi or Bluetooth. The unique speaker features a display and is designed to look like a photo frame. Samsung Music Frame price in India Price of Samsung Music Frame has been set at Rs. 23,990. It is offered in a single Black finish and is currently up for sale in the country through Amazon, Samsung India website, and select offline stores. Samsung Music Frame specifications Originally announced at CES 2024, the Samsung Music Frame wireless speaker comes with features such as Dolby Atmos and wireless music streaming. Like real photo frames, this device allows the user to display personal photos. It offers in-built voice assistants like Alexa and Google Assistant that allow users to play, pause, track skipping, and volume adjustment through voice commands. The speaker also offers access to Bixby and can be controlled using the SmartThings app. Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra Gets a New Colour Variant in India Samsung's Music Frame is compatible with the company's Q-Symphony technology and users can set it up as a home theater by placing two speakers on either side of their TVs. Samsung says users can place a soundbar in front of their TV and a Music Frame on the opposite wall to act as a rear speaker. It can be wall-mounted or kept on a tabletop using the inbuilt stand. Connectivity options on the Samsung Music Frame include Bluetooth and Wi-Fi. It can be used as a standalone Bluetooth or Wi-Fi speaker as well. The speaker carries Dolby Digital Plus sound and houses six speakers with total 120W audio output. It includes an optical port and features wireless Dolby Atmos, Spotify Connect, Chromecast, Roon, and AirPlay 2. Samsung's Tap Sound feature lets listeners stream music from their phone to Music Frame by gently tapping on the speaker. Using Samsung's SpaceFit Sound Pro technology, the speaker analyse the environment and automatically optimises the audio accordingly. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3's Alleged Retail Listing Suggests AirPods-Like Case    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Meta Training its AI Chatbot On User Data, But There Is a Way To Restrict Its Access" ,  Meta had planned to start collecting publicly available user data and information shared with its artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot Meta AI to train its AI models in the UK starting June 26. However, the Irish Data Protection Commission (DPC) told the social media giant to postpone its plans to give the agency enough time to address the privacy concerns of the users. While such data protection measures are available at an institutional level in the UK and Europe, the majority of the world does not have them. For instance, Meta has been collecting its US users' data across all of its platforms and beyond since last year. The tech giant also collects such data from users in a large number of countries including India. This means any data a user has made available publicly or shared with the Meta AI was likely already used to personalise ads and to train its Llama AI models. What data does Meta collect about you? According to Meta's privacy policy, the platform collects a large amount of user data based on their activity on its apps and products. Some of these include any publicly available posts, comments, audio, photos and their caption, ads viewed or interacted with, apps and features used, hashtags used, purchases made on the app and transaction history, as well as time, frequency, and duration spent on a Meta-owned app. These apps include WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram, and Meta AI across these platforms. Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses Get New Features With Latest Update Some of the data, such as ads viewed, features used, and purchases made on the app are commonly collected by most apps to either improve the product, create a more convenient experience, or personalise ads. However, some of the data collected by Meta quickly delves into the morally grey area. For example, the social media giant also collects off-product data about the user. In its privacy policy, the company stated, “We collect and receive information from partners, measurement vendors, marketing vendors and other third parties about a variety of your information and activities on and off our Products.” Some of this data includes device information, websites visited, apps used, purchases and transactions made off-product, demographic data, and more. In an older blog post, Meta had also explained its usage of user data for training its AI models. With the recent action by the DPC, Meta will likely delay the collection of data to train its AI in the UK. In Europe, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other privacy-focused laws have resulted in unforeseeable delays in the launch of Meta AI in the region. However, the social media giant will continue to collect data for its usual practices. Apple Reportedly Exploring Partnership With Meta for AI Features What can users do to stop Meta from collecting data For users living outside of the UK or the EU, not a lot can be done as the platform will collect users' public data and interactions with the Meta AI. However, users can still take a couple of steps to minimise the data the company has access to. First, users can ask Meta to delete any third-party and off-product data it has collected about them. To do this, they will have to fill out a form titled “Data subject rights for third-party information used for AI at Meta”. This form can be accessed here and can be filled out within a couple of minutes. Second, those who use Instagram and Facebook can turn their account private to protect any future posts. On Facebook, users can go to Profile > Settings > Tools and resources > Privacy Checkup > Who can see what you share. Once there, users can manually change the privacy settings for different activities. Meta AI Is Finally Coming to India, Will Be Powered by Llama 3 AI Model On Instagram, users can go to Profile > Settings and activity (three horizontal lines on the top-right corner) > Who can see your content > Account privacy > Private account. Toggle this on to turn your account private. Despite these measures, the older public posts will still be accessed by Meta and there is nothing that can be done about them. Also, if a comment is made on a public post by a private profile, the company can still access it. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "WhatsApp for Android May Be Developing a New In-App Dialler for Calling Convenience" ,  WhatsApp is said to be working on several new features for the Android platform. According to a feature tracker, one of the features introduced in the latest WhatsApp for Android beta app update is a new in-app dialler. This feature is speculated to make WhatsApp calling convenient by allowing users to make calls directly from the app, without having to switch to the system dialler and save the contact on the Android smartphone. WhatsApp's in-app dialer According to feature tracker WABetaInfo, the new in-app dialler may appear as a floating action button (FAB) in the Calls tab. With it, users can take advantage of WhatsApp calling, even to numbers which aren't saved on the smartphone. This feature is said to have been spotted in the WhatsApp for Android beta app version Android 2.24.13.17.  In-App Dialler on WhatsAppPhoto Credit: WABetaInfo Apart from calling, users may be able to save the contact from the dialler to the smartphone's address book, either as a new contact or an addition to an existing one. Furthermore, a messaging option is also said to be present for those who initially wanted to call someone but changed their mind and now wish to send them a WhatsApp message. It is speculated to also offer the functionality to check whether a given number is registered on WhatsApp. The feature tracker suggested that the new in-app dialler is available to select users who are enrolled in the Google Play Beta program as beta testers of the WhatsApp for Android app. Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to test the availability of this feature. New stickers WhatsApp also reportedly introduced new and more dynamic stickers, according to a report. These stickers are said to offer more fluid motion, courtesy of the newly supported Lottie framework. It reportedly enables the development of more dynamic animations built on motion graphic design software such as Adobe After Effects, for native rending on mobile devices. WhatsApp Stickers Get More Dynamic With New Framework Support


Meta AI Is Finally Coming to India, Will Be Powered by Llama 3 AI Model


YouTube Will Now Let You Report AI Content That Uses Your Face or Voice The first sticker pack to officially support this new framework is “I'm Just a Girl”, developed by BUCK, which is 228KB in size. This feature is being rolled out to WhatsApp for Android and iOS users. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 Price Leaked; Tipped to Be Pricier Than Galaxy Z Flip 5" ,  Samsung usually unveils new foldables in the second half of the year and this year's second Galaxy Unpacked event is expected to take place on July 10. As we are inching towards the rumoured launch date, speculations surrounding the features and specifications of the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 are heating up. As per a new leak, the starting price of Galaxy Z Flip 6 will go up by EUR 150 (roughly Rs. 13,000) over what the current model costs. It is believed to run on a custom Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Mobile Platform for Galaxy SoC and pack a 4,000mAh battery. Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 price (leaked) Saminsider spotted the Galaxy Z Flip 6 on a European retailer's database that listed the possible pricing for the European market. As per the report, the clamshell foldable phone is said to carry a price tag of EUR 1,339.99 (roughly Rs. 1,20,000) for the 256GB variant and the 512GB model could cost EUR 1,466.99 (roughly Rs. 1,31,300). For comparison, the Galaxy Z Flip 5 debuted in Germany at EUR 1,199 (roughly Rs. 1,07,300) for the 256GB model and EUR 1,319 (roughly Rs. 1,18,100) for the 512GB model. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Specifications Allegedly Revealed in Massive Leak If these rumoured prices are accurate, it could discourage smartphone enthusiasts from upgrading to the Galaxy Z Flip 6. Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 specifications (expected) As per past leaks, the Galaxy Z Flip 6 will get a 6.7-inch internal display with a refresh rate of 120Hz and a resolution of 2,640 x 1,080 pixels. It could feature a 3.4-inch cover display with a resolution of 720 x 748 pixels. It is said to run on Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 for Galaxy processor with a maximum clock speed of 3.9GHz. Samsung’s Galaxy Z Fold 6 May Be Even More Expensive Than Its Predecessor The Galaxy Z Flip 6 is said to get a dual rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel primary camera and a 12-megapixel camera. It could pack a 10-megapixel front-facing camera. It is tipped to house a 4,000mAh battery with 25W charging support. 




title = "Synthesia 2.0 AI Video Communications Platform With Expressive AI Avatars Launched for Enterprises" ,  Synthesia introduced Synthesia 2.0, an artificial intelligence (AI) video communications platform for businesses, on Monday. The AI platform will allow users to generate studio-quality videos with AI avatars just by posting the video script. The platform has also launched two different styles of AI avatars, including an Expressive AI Avatar that can be given a personality and can use a full range of body language such as head, eye, and hand movements. The AI firm says users can customise the video elements to include their brand identity as well. Synthesia 2.0 launched for enterprises In a blog post, the AI firm unveiled the AI platform and showcased its features. The Synthesia 2.0 platform features two types of personal AI avatars, an AI Video Assistant, AI Screen Recorder, and an interactive video player that can be personalised as per the brand's preference. The platform's AI avatars are trained on the company's in-house Express-1 AI model. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  The two AI avatars include an Expressive AI Avatar and a custom AI avatar. The Express AI Avatars are digital avatars that appear in studio-quality videos shot from high-definition cameras with different angles. The avatars are expressive, show a personality, and can use hand and head gestures in the video. Additionally, the custom avatar can be accessed using the user's webcam or phone. These avatars appear in a natural background, allowing businesses to create quick videos for small-scale use cases. Synthesia says that even the custom AI avatars will offer lip synchronisation, natural voice, and can replicate the user's voice in more than 30 languages. AI Video Assistant is also being introduced within the platform. This feature can be used by businesses when they want to get a templatised video quickly. Users can pick from more than 200 free video templates, add a video script, upload a document or link on which the video is to be made, and generate the video. Users can customise the tone of voice, length of the video, and audience. This feature will be available next month. Alongside, users will also be able to add brand elements to the videos such as typography, colours, and logos. This will help businesses get a consistent look and feel across all the videos. Another feature enterprises will be able to access is the AI Screen Recorder. When users want to include screen-recorded content in their videos. This feature will eliminate the need to edit the recording, match the voiceover, or add effects to it. Users can simply add the recording to the feature, and it can instantaneously add it to the video while letting users make edits to it. Further, video-wide edits can also be made once the draft is generated. Users can edit the script, trim the video, and add their avatar, and a voice for personal touch. Qualcomm’s AI Models Are Now Available to All App Developers


Apple Reportedly Exploring Partnership With Meta for AI Features


Meta AI Is Finally Coming to India, Will Be Powered by Llama 3 AI Model Finally, video playback is also being enhanced using AI in the Synthesia 2.0 platform. At launch, users can set it to automatically play in the viewer's language. Later this year, the company plans to introduce interactive features such as clickable hotspots, embedded forms, quizzes, and personalised call-to-action buttons. Further, an auto-translation feature has also been added that can translate the video automatically into any language the business prefers. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "YouTube Reportedly Developing a Sleep Timer Feature That Automatically Stops Video Playback" ,  YouTube may be developing a sleep timer feature for its Android app – a feature which already exists in the YouTube Music app, according to a report. The feature was reportedly found during an APK teardown of a beta version of the YouTube app for Android. This development comes just days after the video-streaming platform announced that it would soon allow users to add notes below videos, providing easy-to-understand context. Sleep timer on YouTube In a report, Android Authority, collaborating with tipster AssembleDebug, shared details about the sleep timer feature. As the name suggests, it would reportedly allow users to set a sleep timer, enabling them to set the duration for video playback before it automatically stops. The sleep timer feature was reportedly discovered during an APK teardown of the YouTube app for Android version 19.25.33. According to discovered references of the feature, users may be able to specify the hours and minutes until video playback stops. It may also show up as a notification. One of the possible dialog options reportedly reads “You can reset the timer or click done to keep watching”. YouTube Will Now Let You Report AI Content That Uses Your Face or Voice While YouTube is speculated to get the sleep timer feature with a future update, YouTube Music – the platform's music streaming app – already has it. However, it is unclear if YouTube's sleep timer would work along the same lines. It appears in the Now Playing menu at the bottom. Once turned on, the playback automatically stops after the specified time. WhatsApp Stickers Get More Dynamic With New Framework Support


Meta AI Is Finally Coming to India, Will Be Powered by Llama 3 AI Model Disrupting ad blockers According to a report, the video-streaming platform is testing a new method to disrupt ad blockers – injecting server-side ads. At present, the ads are overlayed on top of the video player at specified time stamps, which ad blockers take advantage of. However, with this change, YouTube is speculated to merge ads, making the video a continuous stream instead of two separate elements. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Redmi Note 14 Series Reportedly Spotted on IMEI Website Suggesting Imminent India and Global Launch" ,  Redmi Note 14 series is likely to be unveiled in the coming months. It is expected to succeed the Redmi Note 13 lineup which includes the Redmi Note 13, the Redmi Note 13 Pro, and the Redmi Note 13 Pro+. The Note 13 series was unveiled in China in September 2023, and it hit Indian shelves in January this year. A new report has claimed that the next generation of Redmi Note handsets has been spotted on the IMEI database. Redmi Note 14 series launch (expected) Xiaomi is working on the Redmi Note 14 series and it is expected to be launched in September this year, according to a XiaomiTime report. The lineup is likely to be first unveiled in China and then eventually roll out to other global markets including India. The report added that the expected handsets in the purported lineup — the Redmi Note 14, Note 14 Pro, and Note 14 Pro+, have been spotted on the IMEI website. The base model is reportedly seen with the model numbers 24115RA8EG, 24115RA8EI and 24115RA8EC. Meanwhile, the Pro variant is said to be carrying the model numbers 24094RAD4G, 24094RAD4I and 24094RAD4C, while the top-of-the-line Pro+ version is associated with the model numbers 24090RA29G, 24090RA29I and 24090RA29C. The "C" in these model numbers are said to represent the Chinese variant, while the "G" and "I" are said to be indicative of "Global" and "Indian" versions. Redmi Note 14 Series Said to Be in the Works, May Rival Realme 12 Lineup Redmi Note 14 Pro+ also reportedly carries the internal model number O16U and the codename 'amethyst.' This handset, alongside the vanilla and the Pro variants, is expected to run Android 14-based HyperOS out-of-the-box. Redmi Note 14 series features (expected) The Redmi Note 14 series has recently been tipped to feature 1.5K AMOLED screens with a high refresh rate. For reference, the Redmi Note 13 Pro and Note 13 Pro+ sport 1.5K AMOLED screens with a 120Hz refresh rate. Redmi Note 13 5G Series Gets Discounted in India: See New Prices


Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G Introduced in New Olive Green Colour Option Meanwhile, the Pro variant of the Redmi Note 14 lineup is expected to be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 7s Gen 3 SoC. If true, it will be an upgrade over the Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 chipset that is packed in the Redmi Note 13 Pro. However, the Redmi Note 14 Pro is also likely to carry a 5,000mAh battery, which is smaller than the 5,100mAh battery in the Note 13 Pro.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Ace 3 Pro Colour Options, Key Specifications Teased Ahead of June 27 Launch" ,  OnePlus announced last week that the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro will go official in China on June 27. Now, the Chinese tech brand has opened pre-booking for the device in China. It has also disclosed a few key specifications and colour options of the upcoming Ace series smartphone. It is confirmed to come in three colour options with a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 processor under the hood. The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro will pack up to 24GB of RAM and a massive 6,100mAh battery. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro colourways The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is currently available for pre-reservations in China through the company's official website. It is listed in Green Field Blue, Supercar Porcelain Collector's Edition, and Titanium Mirror Silver (translated from Chinese) shades. The green variant has a leather rear panel, while the Collector's Edition features a ceramic back. The silver colour variant has a glass back panel. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro specifications Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 processor will power the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro, with the brand's self-developed Tidal Architecture said to enhance the performance of the chipset by 9.4 percent. It will carry up to 24GB LPDDR5x RAM and 1TB UFS 4.0 storage. The handset is touted to have scored 23,26,659 points on the AnTuTu benchmarking platform. It is confirmed to offer 5G connectivity and is said to maintain a frame rate of 59.7fps while playing Genshin Impact. New OnePlus Battery Tech Promises to Last Beyond 4 Years of Usage The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro will be equipped with a second-generation Tiangong cooling system with a 9,126mm square VC heat dissipation area. It will be backed by a 6,100mAh battery with Glacier Battery technology that is said to deliver up to six hours of continuous playback time at 120fps on a single charge. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro launch is set to take place on June 27 at 7:00pm (IST) in China. The OnePlus Pad Pro, OnePlus Buds 3, and OnePlus Watch 2 will also debut alongside. The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is tipped to come with a starting price tag of CNY 2,999 (roughly Rs. 34,000). OnePlus 13 Early Leak Points to Three 50-Megapixel Rear Cameras    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Elden Ring Director Says Lowering Difficulty Would ‘Break the Game' as Shadow of the Erdtree Sparks Debate" ,  Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree expansion is now out on PC, PlayStation and Xbox platforms, driving players back into the perilous world of the acclaimed action-RPG. The DLC, which was released June 21, is now testing Elden Ring players, many of whom have complained about its difficulty. However, according to game director Hidetaka Miyazaki, tuning Elden Ring to make it easier would “break the game itself.” Elden Ring difficulty Miyazaki, in an interview with The Guardian published on the day of the release of the Shadow of the Erdtree expansion, said that lowering the difficulty wouldn't be the right step for games like Elden Ring, even as players complain about the gruelling nature of the title. “If we really wanted the whole world to play the game, we could just crank the difficulty down more and more. But that wasn't the right approach,” Miyazaki told The Guardian. Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree Is Now the Highest Rated DLC on Metacritic “Had we taken that approach, I don't think the game would have done what it did, because the sense of achievement that players gain from overcoming these hurdles is such a fundamental part of the experience. Turning down difficulty would strip the game of that joy – which, in my eyes, would break the game itself,” he added. All FromSoftware games are infamous for their steep learning curve and lack of a difficulty setting that gives players the option for an easier experience. Tittles like the Dark Souls trilogy, Bloodborne and Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice have given even hardened players a run for their money with tough-as-nails boss fights. Elden Ring is no different. The game, which released in 2022, is the developer's first attempt at an open-world title but retains the gruelling difficulty FromSoftware is known for. The newly launched expansion, Shadow of the Erdtree, too, features some of the most difficult boss encounters the studio has ever designed. In fact, Miyazaki, ahead of the DLC's launch, said in a separate interview that FromSoftware had “pushed the envelope” when it came to what the player could withstand in a game. Elden Ring Hits 25 Million Copies Sold Ahead of Shadow of the Erdtree Launch Is Shadow of the Erdtree too difficult? That approach, however, doesn't seem to be going down entirely well with Elden Ring players. Some have been complaining about the punishing difficulty of the latest DLC and others have even underlined inconsistent performance on PC. On Steam, Shadow of the Erdtree is currently staring at overall Mixed user reviews. At the time of writing, out of a total 34,181 user reviews on Valve's platform, 27,581 are positive while 15,137 are negative. Publisher Bandai Namco, too, has weighed in on the difficulty debate by giving struggling players a tip to take on Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree's toughest challenges. In an X post Sunday, the publisher suggested players to “level up your Scadutree Blessing.” This is a suggestion to level up your Scadutree Blessing— Bandai Namco US (@BandaiNamcoUS) June 22, 2024 Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree was released June 21 on PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One and Xbox Series S/X. The expansion debuted to widespread acclaim, bagging an overall review score of 95 on Metacritic, and in the process becoming the highest rated DLC of all time. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Qualcomm Makes Its Compute AI Models Available to Developers to Let Them Build Apps With AI Capabilities" ,  Qualcomm made its entire library of artificial intelligence (AI) models featured in its AI hub available to developers on Saturday. With this move, app developers can download, run, and deploy the AI capabilities of these models within their app experiences or build new apps on top of them. The company highlighted that all the AI models have been optimised for devices that are powered by its AI-enabled Snapdragon X Elite series system-on-chipset. Notably, the company launched the AI chipset series in April. Qualcomm makes its AI models available to developers In a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), the official handle of Qualcomm stated that it has made the compute models on Qualcomm AI available to all developers. Notably, the AI models can be accessed via the company's AI hub. The Qualcomm AI hub website lists 94 compute models divided across different capabilities. There are models for audio enhancement and speech recognition, text and image generation, as well as multimodal capabilities such as image classification and image-to-text generation.  Qualcomm AI hub websitePhoto Credit: Qualcomm  Further, there are various AI models for different computer vision-related functions. These include depth estimation, image classification, image editing, object detection, pose estimation, semantic segmentation, and more. Notably, most of these are open-source AI models, which have been fine-tuned and optimised by Qualcomm to run efficiently on its Elite X series processors. While the AI hub lists all the compute models developers can download and run, the model weights are hosted on GitHub and Hugging Face. The AI hub also shares the research paper of the model, as well as basic details such as model size, number of parameters, and applicable scenarios. The website also mentions the inference time, memory usage and NPU layers used while running the device on devices running the Snapdragon X Elite chipsets. All AI models come with a deployable AI Model Hub Licence that allows developers to build apps using them. It is believed that the move by Qualcomm is aimed at creating an AI-powered app ecosystem which performs the best when used with its processor. The existence of the ecosystem could push more laptop and PC brands to push for Snapdragon X Elite chipsets for their AI PCs. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Honor Play 60 Plus With Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC, 6,000mAh Battery Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  Honor Play 60 Plus has been unveiled in China. The phone is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 chipset and is backed by a 6,000mAh battery with support for wired fast charging. It sports an HD+ LCD screen and features a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit. The phone is offered in two storage options and supports up to 20GB of RAM. Notably, the company recently introduced the Honor Magic V Flip with a large 4-inch cover screen in China. Honor Play 60 Plus price The Honor Play 60 Plus starts in China at CNY 1,499 (roughly Rs. 17,200) for the 12GB + 256GB option, while the 12GB + 512GB variant is listed at CNY 1,699 (roughly Rs. 19,500). The phone is offered in three colour options - Fairy Green, Magic Night Black, and Moon Shadow White (translated from Chinese). Honor Play 60 Plus specifications, features The Honor Play 60 Plus sports a 6.77-inch HD+ (1,610 x 720 pixels) TFT LCD screen with a peak brightness level of 850nits. It is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC paired with Adreno 613 GPU, 12GB of RAM, and up to 512GB of onboard storage. The RAM can be virtually expanded by an additional 8GB to up to 20GB. The phone ships with Android 14-based MagicOS 8.0. Honor Magic V Flip With 4-Inch Cover Screen Debuts In the camera department, the Honor Play 60 Plus is equipped with a dual rear camera unit which includes a 50-megapixel primary sensor and a 2-megapixel depth sensor alongside an LED flash unit. The front camera of the handset carries a 5-megapixel sensor, placed within a centred hole-punch slot at the top. The Honor Play 60 Plus arrives with an IP64-rated build for dust and water resistance. The phone also comes with Swiss SGS Gold Label drop resistance and anti-extrusion certification. Honor 200, Honor 200 Pro Launched Globally Alongside Honor 200 Lite


Amazon Listing Reveals Honor's Gift Bundle for Magic 6 Pro Honor Play 60 Plus is backed by a 6,000mAh battery with support for 35W wired fast charging. The dual nano SIM-supported phone also supports 5G, 4G, dual-band Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.0, GPS, OTG and USB Type-C connectivity. For security, the handset has a side-mounted fingerprint sensor. It is also equipped with a 3.5mm audio jack.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 6 Confirmed to Launch in China Next Month" ,  Realme GT 6 with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC and several AI-based features was introduced in India and select global markets last week. Shortly after the launch, the Chinese tech brand confirmed the arrival of this new flagship GT series phone in its home country. The Realme GT 6 has an AMOLED display and a triple camera setup at the rear, headlined by a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-808 primary sensor. It houses a 5,500mAh battery with 120W SuperVOOC charging support. Through a poster on the Chinese social media platform Weibo, Realme announced that the Realme GT 6 will be launched in China in July. Outside of the release timeline, the post shares nothing else about the launch event or the phone's specifications. It is possible that the phone may offer different specifications in China. The handset launched in India and global markets on June 20. Realme GT 6 price in India In India, the Realme GT 6 is priced at Rs. 40,999 for the base 8GB + 256GB version. The 12GB + 256GB model is priced at Rs. 42,999 and the 16GB + 512GB version is priced at Rs. 44,999. Chinese variant is also expected to be priced similarly. It is available in Fluid Sliver and Razor Green finishes. Realme GT 6 Review Realme GT 6 specifications The Realme GT 6 runs on Android 14-based Realme UI 5 and features a 6.78-inch full-HD+ (1,264x2,780 pixels) 8T LTPO AMOLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate and up to 6,000 nits brightness. It runs on a 4nm octa-core Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, coupled with up to 16GB of RAM and up to 512B of storage. Realme Buds Air 6 Pro With Up to 50dB ANC Debut in India For optics, the Realme GT 6 has a triple rear camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-808 sensor with OIS support, a 50-megapixel Samsung JN5 telephoto sensor, and an 8-megapixel Sony IMX355 ultra wide-angle camera. For selfies and video chats, there is a 32-megapixel camera on the front. It houses a 5,500mAh battery with support for 120W charging support. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses Can Now Record Up to 3-Minute Long Videos: Report" ,  Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses are said to be getting quality-of-life upgrades with the latest 6.0 software update. According to a report, one of the additions that Meta did not specifically announce but is coming to the smart glasses is the increased duration for recording videos. Following the update, users will reportedly be able to record videos with their Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses for up to three minutes – a threefold increase over the previous limit. Record longer videos on Ray-Ban Meta glasses According to a Digital Trends report, the version 6.0 update for the Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses enables users to record up to three-minute-long videos. Previously, users could only record for up to 60 seconds. However, the increased recording length is not said to be turned on by default. Following the update, the Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses still record videos for up to 60 seconds. However, users can reportedly go to the settings in the companion app and head over to the camera section to change it. Meta AI Is Finally Coming to India, Will Be Powered by Llama 3 AI Model The new feature is rolled out with the software update. If users do not have the auto-update option set to on, they can update the smart glasses manually to receive it and the rest of the improvements. Other features The update for the Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses was announced in May. According to a Meta blog post, the smart glasses now support the Calm app, helping users improve their mindfulness. It can be accessed via a simple voice command, “Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses”. Furthermore, the update also brings support for music streaming via Amazon Music. That means users do not need to pull out their smartphones anymore to listen to music. Users can now also share the captured media as their Instagram story with voice commands. Meta Restructures Reality Labs Team, Forms Two Separate Divisions: Report


Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses Review: Versatile and Practical Alongside the new features, Meta introduced three new styles for its smart glasses: Skyler in Shiny Chalky Gray with Gradient Cinnamon Pink Lenses, Skyler in Shiny Black with Transitions Cerulean Blue Lenses and Headliner Low Bridge Fit in Shiny Black with Polar G15 Lenses. These styles will be available in 15 countries including US, Canada, and Australia. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Could Partner With Meta to Bring Meta AI to iPhone, iPad, and Mac Devices: Report" ,  Apple is reportedly planning to bring Meta Platforms' artificial intelligence (AI) models to its devices, adding it to OpenAI's ChatGPT. At the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024, the Cupertino-based tech giant unveiled its in-house AI features under the Apple Intelligence umbrella. Alongside it also announced the integration of ChatGPT within iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS Sequoia, which would allow users to call upon the services of the OpenAI chatbot to answer specific queries. Now, as per a report, Meta AI could also join the list of third-party AI chatbots powering Apple devices. Apple reportedly trying to strike an AI deal with Meta According to a report by The Wall Street Journal, Apple held discussions with Meta recently to explore a partnership between the two tech giants. Citing unnamed people familiar with the matter, the report claimed that the partnership could result in Apple integrating the social media giant's AI models into the operating systems of its devices, similar to the iPhone maker's collaboration with OpenAI. The move is not surprising given Apple confirmed that it will be exploring the possibility of introducing more third-party AI models into its product ecosystem. Notably, a previous report highlighted Google Gemini and Anthropic's Claude AI could be among those which could also be integrated with iPhone, iPad, and Mac devices. Apple Could Be Planning Multiple Vision Pro Variants in Future: Report As explained by Apple, the ChatGPT integration is positioned as an add-on service to its in-house Apple Intelligence. Once the feature is released, users will be given the option to call for the services of the OpenAI chatbot for a specific query that can be better handled by a large language model (LLM). However, users are not required to create an OpenAI account to access its features. Further, the iPhone maker has said that ChatGPT will not store any user data after running the query (unless the user has logged into their account voluntarily). Apple Delays the Launch of These Apple Intelligence Features in Europe


iOS 18 Could Make Connecting iPhone With Third-Party Accessories Quicker In a previous report, it was claimed that there is no financial exchange for this partnership. It is said that Apple aims to use this integration to push more people to buy and upgrade their devices, whereas OpenAI will be trying to lure more people into the paid subscription of ChatGPT. It is unclear if the Meta deal, if it finalises, will follow a similar structure. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Claims New Battery Tech Will Retain 80 Percent of Phone's Battery Capacity Even After 4 Years of Usage" ,  OnePlus is expected to launch several products at a launch event in China this week. The Chinese smartphone brand is said to launch a new smartphone called the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro, the OnePlus Watch 2 (OnePlus Watch 3), Buds 3, and a new Pad Pro tablet as well. While all of these products are expected to showcase interesting new designs and features, the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro will also pack a new type of battery. Ahead of the phone's launch on June 27, OnePlus has released some new details about the battery technology that's called Glacier Battery. The previously leaked OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is expected to debut a new type of battery with OnePlus' Glacier Battery technology. OnePlus in a series of posts on Chinese microblogging website Weibo, has now given out a few details regarding what the new battery has to offer. It was previously confirmed that OnePlus is branding its new battery technology as ‘Glacier Battery'. The new information revealed in a series of Weibo posts now gives out more details. OnePlus in these posts claims that its new battery technology will be more efficient and durable given that its quite energy-dense when compared to currently available industry solutions. OnePlus Watch 2 Review The company in its posts claims that its battery can provide 80 percent of its original capacity even after four years of regular use. OnePlus claims that this 6,100mAh battery, which will debut with the Ace 3 Pro model, will have a 763Wh/L energy density but will weigh just 14 grams. In terms of charging this bigger than usual battery, OnePlus states that it will have 100W fast-charging support. The smartphone brand claims that the new battery can be charged rather quickly (given its higher than usual capacity) from 1 percent to 100 percent in just 36 minutes. The new battery has been developed with Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited. (CATL), which is a big player in the EV segment. OnePlus 12 Review: A No-Frills Flagship for 2024 OnePlus is expected to launch a number of products at its upcoming launch event in China. There's a new OnePlus Watch 2 (expected to be launched in India as the Watch 3) that will offer cellular connectivity that the current model (called the OnePlus Watch 2 in India) lacks. Also expected is a new tablet and a new pair of TWS earphones, the details of which have yet to be revealed. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "HMD Tab Lite Price, Design, Colourways, Key Features Leaked" ,  HMD Tab Lite could launch soon as details about the purported tablet have surfaced online. The company has yet to announce the product or even confirm its moniker, but design and colour options of the HMD Tab Lite have been leaked. The leak also suggests the price and several key specifications of the rumoured tablet. This is expected to be cheaper than the HMD T21 tablet, which was unveiled in 2022. Notably, there has been no indication yet about an India launch for the HMD Tab Lite. HMD Tab Lite price, design, colour options (expected) The HMD Tab Lite is expected to be priced at about EUR 149 (roughly Rs. 13,300) for the 4GB + 64GB variant with Wi-Fi + 4G connectivity option, according to an X post by HMD_MEME'S (@smashx_60). The tipster did not specify if the rumoured tablet will be available with a Wi-Fi-only connectivity option. HMD TAB Lite- IPS LCD 8.7" HD 800*1340p, 560nit- Unisoc T610 SoC 1.8GHz- 8MP f/2.0, PDAF / 5MP (wide)- 4/64GB + Micro SD- 5500mAh, 18WBlack, Pink, Blue*4/64GB WiFi + 4G ~ €149 pic.twitter.com/B1gV8GkEWb— HMD_MEME'S (@smashx_60) June 20, 2024 An attached image in the post shows the design of the HMD Tab Lite. The rear panel is seen with a rectangular camera module in the top left corner with a single camera sensor and an LED flash unit. The HMD branding appears imprinted in the middle of the back panel. The flat display of the HMD Tab Lite appears with thick bezels and a centred hole-punch slot within the top bezel. The right edge holds the power button and the volume rocker. The tablet is seen in a pink colour option. The post added that it is also likely to be offered in two additional colourways - black and blue. HMD Skyline Surfaces on Geekbench With This Snapdragon Chipset HMD Tab Lite features (expected) The HMD Tab Lite is likely to sport an 8.7-inch HD (800 x 1,340 pixels) IPS LCD screen with a peak brightness level of 560 nits. It could be powered by a Unisoc T610 SoC paired with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of onboard storage. The purported tablet is also expected to support expandable storage via a microSD card. In the camera department, the HMD Tab Lite is expected to be equipped with a single rear camera unit which may include a 5-megapixel sensor paired with a wide-angle lens. The front camera, on the other hand, is likely to house an 8-megapixel sensor with f/2.0 aperture and support for autofocus. HMD Skyline, HMD Atlas Leaked Design, Price, Features Surface Online


HMD Is Reportedly Working on Three Smartphones Including 'Project Fusion' The leak added that the HMD Tab Lite is expected to be backed by a 5,500mAh battery with support for 18W wired charging. We are likely to learn more details about the purported tablet in the coming days.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CoinStats Hit With Security Breach, Over 1,500 Linked Crypto Wallets Compromised" ,  The CoinStats crypto portfolio app has decided to temporary pause all user activity after it become the latest victim of a security breach over the weekend. Cyber criminals behind the hack lured CoinStats users to click malicious links, falsely promising users of a reward worth 14.2 ETH or $48,128 (roughly Rs. 40.2 lakh). A total of 1,590 crypto wallets have been affected as part of this breach. This reportedly makes for 1.3 percent of CoinStats' total wallet numbers. Here's what happened CoinStats posted an official confirmation on June 22 about the hack via its X handle. The company's post said that the hack mainly targeted iOS users. The post also showed a screenshot of the fraudulent message that CoinStats users received. The message claimed that the recipients had won a reward of 14.2 ETH from a pool of 200 ETH. Furthermore, the message directed CoinStats users to enter their AirScout wallets leading to an eventual draining of funds from these wallets. India May Churn Over Rs. 5,000 Crore on Revising Crypto Tax Laws: Report Hey frens,Some iOS users received a scam notification. We're investigating it.Sorry for the inconvenience. We'll update you ASAP.Thanks for your understanding. pic.twitter.com/8CRBrC6JxB— CoinStats (@CoinStats) June 22, 2024 Some private keys that were stored on the servers of CoinStats have also reportedly been violated as part of this attack. This has caused the company to believe that hackers may have been able to enter the internal systems from where wallets are generated for its users. For now, the exact amount of funds stolen from this hack remains unclear. CoinStats has released a list of wallet addresses that have been compromised in this incident. Bitcoin Price Falls as Ether Gets More Expensive: Check Latest Prices What is CoinStats doing to mitigate after-effects? Following the incident, CoinStats has launched an internal investigation into the matter. In the coming days, the company plans to re-start the app after having completed the probe process. Details about the involvement of law enforcement authorities also remains unclear for now. The company plans to get in touch with affected users with updates in the coming days. As of now, CoinStats has not said anything about offering compensations to the affected users. Crypto sector continues to attract hackers In May 2024, over $473 million (roughly Rs. 3,950 crore) worth of cryptocurrencies were reportedly lost to hacks and rug pulls across 108 incidents, as per Immunefi, a security service provider. Over the weekend itself, the crypto sector witnessed another hack incident when Turkish crypto exchange BtcTurk claimed that it was hacked and several of its hot wallets were accessed, with crypto stolen from some of them. Binance is helping BtcTurk in its probe and has reportedly frozen $5.3 million (roughly Rs. 44 lakh) worth of funds linked to this attack.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp for Android, iOS Get More Interactive Stickers With Lottie Framework Support" ,  WhatsApp is rolling out more interactive stickers with fluid motion, courtesy of the new Lottie framework support. According to a feature tracker, this development was first reported in a beta version of the WhatsApp for Android app in February but is now rolling out widely with the latest stable update for both Android and iOS platforms. Stickers will now have more dynamic animations, starting with the first sticker pack called “I'm Just a Girl”. Lottie framework support on WhatsApp According to feature tracker WABetaInfo, the support for the Lottie framework is available to users with the latest version of WhatsApp for Android and iOS platforms. If users can see the sticker pack on the WhatsApp sticker store, it may be enabled for them. With it, stickers now become more dynamic.  Lottie-Supported Sticker Pack on WhatsApp At present, sticker packs on WhatsApp are in the WebP format which allows developers to compress the image size while maintaining its quality on the web. However, the Lottie framework enables more dynamic and fluid animations built on motion graphic design software such as Adobe After Effects for native rending on mobile devices. Stickers created using Lottie are said to be based on vectors. This essentially means developers (or users) can scale the animations as per their preference without having to sacrifice the resolution. The feature tracker says the “I'm Just a Girl” sticker pack, developed by BUCK, is the first official sticker pack built using the new framework. It features stickers with more fluid animations, unlike other packs in the store. The “I'm Just a Girl” sticker pack is 228KB in size. Gadgets 360 staff members were able to verify the availability of this sticker pack on a stable version of WhatsApp for both Android and iOS devices. Meta AI in India Alongside new support for the Lottie framework, Meta Platforms, the parent company of WhatsApp, announced that it is bringing Meta AI to India. The artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot was first announced in April but was not introduced in the country. However, it is now said to be rolling out to Indian users and may be visible in the coming days. Meta AI Is Finally Coming to India, Will Be Powered by Llama 3 AI Model


Amazon Could Charge Fee for Unprofitable Alexa Service, Plans AI Revamp


YouTube Will Now Let You Report AI Content That Uses Your Face or Voice The AI chatbot will be powered by Meta's in-house Llama 3 large language model (LLM) and will be available across apps such as WhatsApp, Instagram and Facebook. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Could Reportedly Introduce Several New Variations of Its Vision Pro Headset In the Future" ,  Apple Vision Pro was unveiled in June 2023 with much fanfare. It was touted to be the device that could replace both smartphones and computers while offering customisable immersive and virtual environments for digital tasks. However, with a steep price tag of $3,499 (roughly Rs. 2,92,200) and several issues reported with the device, the mixed-reality headset is said to have failed to make the kind of splash the tech giant would have liked. A new report now claims that Apple is working on a multiproduct strategy to boost its headset's popularity. Apple reportedly planning a multiproduct Vision Pro strategy Bloomberg's Mark Gurman reports in his latest Power On newsletter that top executives in Apple's Vision team reevaluated the product strategy a few months ago and decided to create a lineup with several new devices in different price ranges instead of a single hero product. Citing unnamed people familiar with the matter, the report highlighted that the new roadmap will bring two new variants of the device and a successor to the Vision Pro. The first Vision Pro variant that could arrive is said to be a stripped-down version of the headset with a limited number of features. The more affordable version of the product could be priced between $1,500 (roughly Rs. 1,25,300) to $2,000 (roughly Rs. 1,67,000). Gurman claims that the Cupertino-based tech giant planned this version of Vision Pro before the unveiling of the device last year. Apple Vision Pro 2’s Development May Be in Jeopardy Due to Sales Slump As per the report, the cheaper device could be known as Apple Vision and is being developed internally under the codename N107. It could be launched by the end of 2025, however plans can always change. Currently, it is said that the main struggle for the company is to bring the cost down. The second variant is more of a distant vision. Apple is reportedly developing augmented reality (AR) glasses which will be lightweight and come in a sunglass-like form factor. Not much is known about this product, however, the sources told Gurman that the tech giant has kept a tentative launch timeline of 2027. Apple Vision Pro to Go on Sale in These International Markets: See Price


Apple Vision Pro to Turn Your Photos Into Spatial Photos With visionOS 2 Finally, the second generation of the Vision Pro is also in the works, as per the report. The tech giant has started developing the successor under the codename N109 and has planned a few upgrades for it. Reportedly, the Apple Vision Pro 2 will feature a faster processor and get improvements to the external cameras. The company is also said to be finding ways to make the device lighter and more comfortable. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Palworld May Soon Arrive on PS5 After Pocketpair Staff Teases PlayStation Release" ,  Palworld, the smash hit action-adventure survival title that broke player-count records on Steam and Xbox when it released in January, could finally be making its way to PS5. While developer Pocketpair has not confirmed a PlayStation release, a community manager at the studio has vaguely hinted that the game could launch on Sony's console soon. Palworld is currently available on both PC and Xbox consoles and can also be accessed via Game Pass. The global community manager at Pocketpair has seemingly teased a PlayStation release for Palworld. From their X handle (@Bucky_cm), they posted a message Sunday that used blue heart emojis, alongside existing green ones. When it comes to gaming consoles, the green colour is associated with Xbox, while blue stands for PlayStation. 🖤💚🤍Palworld🤍💚🖤I want to add more hearts, but not sure what colour would fit...hmm...how about....🖤💚🤍💙Palworld💙🤍💚🖤Looks good I think!👀— Bucky | Palworld (@Bucky_cm) June 22, 2024 The post does not explicitly mention PlayStation, but hints at adding more platforms where the game is available, bringing in the blue-coloured emoji to the mix. Neither Pocketpair nor Sony have, however, provided any update on a PS4 and PS5 release for Palworld. Back in January, Shuhei Yoshida, head of independent titles at PlayStation, had just replied “Yes” in response to a fan requesting for a PS5 version of Palworld on X. The Pokémon Company Says It Is Investigating Palworld Plagiarism Allegations Palworld released in early access on January 19 and is available on PC (via Steam), Xbox One and Xbox Series S/X and is also included with Xbox Game Pass. The game features Pokémon-style creatures, or Pals, that can be captured and tamed for combat, traversal and base building in the game's open world. Since its release, Palworld has become a phenomenon, crossing 25 million players on PC and Xbox. The game has sold over 15 million copies on Steam. Palworld Has Sold 15 Million Copies on Steam in Just Over a Month The survival title, however, has attracted plagiarism accusations, with many players, developers and commentators calling Palworld's creatures eerily similar to those found in Pokémon. Following the plagiarism allegations, The Pokémon Company issued a statement in January, saying it intended to investigate any alleged instances of copyright infringement on part of the newly released game.  Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Crypto Price Today: Bitcoin and Ether Remain Stagnant, Minimal Gains Seen Across the Market" ,  The price of Bitcoin failed to record any notable changes over the weekend. At the time of writing, the most expensive asset on the crypto chart was trading at $63,200 (roughly Rs. 52.8 lakh) on foreign exchanges such as CoinMarketCap, after seeing a drop of 0.26 percent. On Indian exchanges meanwhile, the value of BTC is slightly higher at $68,540 (roughly Rs 57.2 lakh). Despite BTC's prolonged lacklustre performance on the price chart, the asset has recently received appreciation from billionaires like Jack Dorsey and Michael Dell, the founder, chairman, and CEO of Dell Technologies. Ether tumbled by 1.12 percent on Monday. With this, Ether's price point has come to $3,171 (roughly Rs. 2.65 lakh), as shown on Gadgets360's crypto price chart. The second most valued crypto asset after BTC, ETH is presently trading at $3,423 (roughly Rs. 2.86 lakh) on international exchanges. Currently, the dominance of BTC and ETH on the overall market stands at 54.1 percent and 18.2 percent respectively, shows CoinMarketCap. India May Churn Over Rs. 5,000 Crore on Revising Crypto Tax Laws: Report "As per the media reports, the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) is investigating Jump Crypto and it remains to be seen if CFTC will consider any charges against the company. The negative news showed immediate impact on the crypto market as BTC and ETH slipped in prices," Shivam Thakral, CEO of BuyUcoin told Gadgets360. Most cryptocurrencies logged losses on Monday. These include Binance Coin, Solana, Dogecoin, Cardano, Shiba Inu, and Avalanche. Price dips also struck Polkadot, Chainlink, Near Protocol, Polygon, Litecoin, Cosmos, Stellar, and Cronos among others. Giottus Exchange Lists 43 New Cryptocurrencies in India: All Details "The market is expected to remain choppy in the coming weeks owing to the uncertain macroeconomic factors," Thakral added. The overall crypto market valuation dropped by 2.06 percent in the last 24 hours. The sector's market cap is currently at $2.3 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,92,15,131 crore), as per CoinMarketCap. Only a small number of cryptocurrencies managed to see profits. These include Tron, Uniswap, Leo, Iota, and Braintrust. Market experts, however, believe that these stagnated prices for cryptocurrencies will not last long. "In a significant development, Standard Chartered, a major global bank, is establishing a spot trading desk for Bitcoin and Ethereum. This move reflects the growing institutional adoption of digital assets, with major financial institutions expanding their crypto offerings to meet rising demand," the CoinSwitch Markets Desk told Gadgets360.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Moto S50 Neo Confirmed to Offer Four-Year Warranty; Specifications Revealed" ,  Moto S50 Neo is scheduled to launch alongside the Razr 50 and Razr 50 Ultra on June 25. Ahead of the debut, Motorola has released multiple teasers revealing the design and specifications of the phone. The Moto S50 Neo is confirmed to arrive with a four-year warranty. It is confirmed to run on Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 chipset with up to 12GB of RAM and will pack a 5,000mAh battery. The Moto S50 Neo is expected to launch in international markets as the Moto G85. The Lenovo sub-brand announced that the Moto S50 Neo will get a four-year warranty. This warranty includes a standard one-year warranty and a complimentary three-year extended warranty. Many Android phones sold in the market offer one or two years of warranty. Moto S50 Neo specifications The Moto S50 Neo is currently listed on Lenovo's website in China revealing key specifications and design. It will be available in black, blue and green colour options. It features a 6.67-inch display with 120Hz refresh rate, 92.7 percent screen-to-body ratio, and 1,600-nit peak brightness. It runs on Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 chipset with 8GB and 12GB RAM options. With the RAM expansion feature, available memory can be expanded up to 24GB using unused storage. Motorola Edge 2024 With Customisable Quick Button Debuts: See Price For optics, the Moto S50 Neo has a dual rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel Sony IMX882 sensor and an 8-megapixel ultra wide-angle sensor. For selfies, the upcoming phone features a 32-megapixel front camera. It includes Dolby Atmos-tuned speakers and an in-display fingerprint sensor. It gets a 5,000mAh battery with Turbo charging support. The handset offers a 7.59mm thin profile and weighs 171 grams. Moto G85 Design Spotted in Leaked Renders Alongside These Specifications The Moto S50 Neo will launch in China on June 25 at 2pm local time (11:30am IST). It is confirmed to be unveiled alongside the Razr 50 series. The Moto S50 Neo is expected to be released in global markets outside China as Moto G85. 




title = "Oppo A-Series Smartphone With iPhone 12-Like Camera Module Surfaces Online, Spotted on Certification Sites" ,  Oppo is said to be working on a new A-series smartphone. Leaked images of the purported handset have surfaced online via a report. The images show the design of the camera module as well as the placement of several keys and slots. The camera module appears to be similar to an older iPhone handset. The report claims that the rumoured Oppo phone has also been spotted on several certification sites. The listings suggest the some of its camera specifications and an imminent India launch. Oppo A-series new smartphone design (expected) Leaked images shared by a 91Mobiles report suggest that an upcoming Oppo A-series smartphone is likely to feature a rear camera module similar to that of the iPhone 12. The two camera units are arranged vertically within a slightly raised, squarish camera island placed in the top left corner of the back panel. An LED unit sits next to the camera sensors. The rumoured Oppo handset appears in a blue colourway.  Leaked images of rumoured Oppo A-series phonePhoto Credit: 91Mobiles  The right and bottom edge of the purported Oppo A-series handset have also been leaked. The right edge holds the volume rocker and the power button, while the bottom edge is seen with a USB Type-C port, a mic, a 3.5mm audio jack as well as a speaker grille. The smartphone is also likely to sport a flat display with chamfered edges and a centred hole-punch slot at the top to hold the front camera sensor. Oppo A3 Pro With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC Unveiled in India: See Price Oppo A-series new smartphone features (expected) The aforementioned report adds that the anticipated Oppo A-series phone will sport a full-HD+ LCD screen with a 120Hz refresh rate. The handset is tipped to offer a side-mounted fingerprint sensor. An Oppo smartphone with the model number CPH2681 was spotted on the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) website, according to the report. This handset is expected to be the rumoured Oppo A-series phone. The BIS listing suggests an imminent India launch of the model. Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro Make Global Debut: Price, Specifications


Oppo Reno 12F 5G Price, Design Renders, Key Specifications Leaked The report added that an upcoming Oppo smartphone with the model number CPH2681 was also spotted on the Camera FV-5 site. This listing does not reveal the phone's camera sensor sizes but suggests that the main rear camera will have a 27.4mm focal length and f/2.0 aperture with electronic image stabilisation (EIS) support. Meanwhile, the front camera will also come with EIS support as well as a 27.7mm focal length and f/2.2 aperture.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra Renders Leak, Suggesting a Similar Design to Its Predecessor" ,  Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra renders have been leaked online, suggesting a similar design to the current model, the Galaxy Tab S9 Ultra. The South Korean tech giant is expected to launch its next-generation tablets early next year but leaks have already started surfacing. According to a report, the design of the Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 Ultra may not change drastically, with the device still speculated to maintain its large but slim form factor and a notch for the dual front cameras. Samsung Galaxy S10 Ultra design leaked In a report, tipster @OnLeaks, collaborating with Android Headlines, shared several renders of the Galaxy S10 Ultra. The flagship tablet appears to still feature dual front cameras housed in a notch. It is also reported to get dual cameras at the back with an LED flash. In terms of design, the power and volume buttons may get the same placement, which is on the right side of the tablet.  Renders of Samsung Galaxy Tab S10 UltraPhoto Credit: Android Headlines/@OnLeaks Its dimensions are also tipped to remain identical to its predecessor – the Samsung Galaxy Tab S9 Ultra – which is the company's top-of-the-line offering and also the largest tablet in the market. It measures 326.4 x 208.6 x 5.45mm. While this form factor makes the tablet very sleek, it isn't the slimmest one around, with the new iPad Pro 13-inch (2024) measuring just 5.1mm in width. It is also said to feature a similar display to the 14.6-inch AMOLED screen in the current model. As per the report, it will still sport a quad-speaker setup with sound by AKG and the S-Pen will be magnetically attachable to the back of the tablet. While renders have surfaced, there appears to be very little information about the tablet's specifications. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10+ chipset details leaked Samsung Galaxy Tab S10+ – the middle child in Samsung's upcoming tablet lineup – is reported to sport a MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset and may come with model number SM-X828U. The listing suggests it may come with 12GB RAM and run on Android 14 out of the box. The US variant of the tablet was spotted on the Geekbench along with several benchmark scores. Why the Samsung Galaxy S25 Might Arrive With an Exynos 2500 Chip After All


Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Could Get Two New Camera Sensors


Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra Gets a New Colour Variant in India As per the listing, the Galaxy Tab S10+ scored 2,141 and 6,952 points on the single and multi-core tests, respectively. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Tecno's Phantom V2 Fold Pops Up on Bluetooth SIG Website; Launch Could Be Imminent" ,  Tecno unveiled its premium flagship foldable smartphone, the Phantom V Fold early last year. The vertically folding smartphone with MediaTek Dimensity 9000+ SoC made entirely in India captured the attention of tech editors. The Transsion Holdings subsidiary now seems to be gearing up to unveil its second-generation foldable — Phantom V2 Fold. Ahead of the announcement, the handset has surfaced on the Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG) certification website with its model number. The listing confirms the moniker of the phone and suggests Bluetooth 5.3 connectivity. Tecno Phantom V2 Fold spotted on Bluetooth SIG Website The Bluetooth SIG website has listed the Tecno Phantom V2 Fold on June 23 with model number AE10. The listing shows that the phone will have Bluetooth 5.3 connectivity and AE10-H833A-U based 240220V1240 software version. The Bluetooth SIG listing first spotted by MySmartPrice doesn't reveal any other details about the Tecno Phantom V2 Fold. It is expected to come with upgrades over Tecno Phantom V Fold 5G. Tecno Unveils Rollable Phone Prototype at MWC 2024 Tecno Phantom V Fold price in India, specifications The Tecno Phantom V Fold was first showcased at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2023. Later the handset was released in India in April last year with a price tag of Rs. 88,888 for the 12GB RAM + 256GB storage variant. It was manufactured at the company's Noida facility. On the specification front, Tecno Phantom V Fold features a 6.42-inch full-HD+ (1,080 x 2,550 pixels) LTPO AMOLED cover display with a refresh rate of 120Hz and a 7.85-inch 2K (2,000 x 2,296 pixels) main display. It runs on a 4nm MediaTek Dimensity 9000+ SoC. It has a triple rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel main sensor, a 50-megapixel 2x zoom lens, and a 13-megapixel ultrawide lens. It has a 32-megapixel sensor on the front panel and a 16-megapixel sensor in the hole-punch cutout. Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6080 SoC Debuts The Tecno Phantom V Fold houses a 5,000mAh battery with 45W wired fast charging support.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Lenovo Legion Tablet India Launch Confirmed; Design, Key Features Revealed" ,  Lenovo Legion Tablet will soon be available for purchase in India. The upcoming launch of the tablet in the country has been officially confirmed. It was first unveiled in March this year and is currently retailing in select markets in the EMEA (Europe, the Middle East, and Africa) region. Promotional banners for the India launch of the Lenovo Legion Tablet have surfaced on an e-commerce site. These have confirmed the design and key features of the Indian version of the tablet as well as its pre-order details. Lenovo Legion Tablet India launch, availability The Lenovo Legion Tablet will be open for pre-order in India starting July 20, a promotional banner on Flipkart's mobile application has confirmed. This also confirms the tablet's eventual Flipkart availability.  Lenovo Legion Tablet promotional banner on Flipkart  Lenovo Legion Tablet design, features The Indian variant of the Lenovo Legion Tablet is confirmed to sport an 8.8-inch QHD+ 2.5K display with a 144Hz refresh rate. It will also be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 SoC. The tablet will be backed by a 6,550mAh battery. Lenovo Legion Tab With Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 SoC Launched: See Price The design of the Lenovo Legion Tablet seen in the promotional banners confirms that it will be similar to that of the global version. It appears in the same grey colour option, as well. Lenovo Legion Tablet specifications, price The global variant of the Lenovo Legion Tablet comes with 12GB of LPDDR5x RAM and 256GB of UFS 3.1 onboard storage. It features a 13-megapixel dual rear camera unit and an 8-megapixel front camera sensor. The tablet also supports up to 45W wired fast charging. Lenovo Legion Tablet is equipped with the Legion ColdFront Vapour thermal solution and offers three user modes - Beast Mode, Balanced Mode, and Energy Saving Mode. Connectivity options on the tablet include USB Type-C 2.0 for charging, Bluetooth 5.3, Wi-Fi 6E, and another USB Type-C 3.1 Gen 2 port with DisplayPort 1.4 support. Lenovo Legion Go Handheld Console to Launch in India on This Day


Lenovo Legion Go 'Lite' Said to Be in the Works, Could Sport a Smaller Display The price of the Lenovo Legion Tablet is set at EUR 599 (roughly Rs. 53,500) for the lone 12GB + 256GB option.   Is the Xiaomi Pad 6 the best Android tablet you can buy under Rs. 30,000 in India? We discuss the company's latest mid-range tablet on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Meta AI Chatbot Is Finally Rolling Out to India, Will Be Powered By Llama 3 AI Model" ,  Meta AI, the artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot by the company, has started rolling out to India. The chatbot will be available across all the Meta-owned platforms such as WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram, and Messenger, as well as the meta.ai website. The chatbot is powered by the company's in-house Llama 3 large language model (LLM) which was launched in April. The social media giant also released the Meta AI chatbot to several countries just days after the launch of the new AI model. Meta AI comes to India In a newsroom post, Meta announced the rollout of its AI chatbot in India. While it has started rolling out in the country, it will still take a few days before the feature is visible to all. While the company did not explain the reason behind the delayed launch in India, it is believed to be due to the general elections being held in the country. With its roll-out, users will soon see a blue-pink ring in the search bar of the Meta-owned apps. Tapping on it will take the user to the AI in a separate chat, where the user can converse with, ask queries, or generate images. In WhatsApp, the AI can also be added to groups and can interact with messages where it is tagged. Notably, Meta AI can access both Google and Bing to answer queries that require running a web search. Meta Restructures Reality Labs Team, Forms Two Separate Divisions: Report Meta says the AI can be used to recommend specific restaurants, plan a trip, help with homework, write code, get a snapshot overview across a large variety of topics, as well as to generate emails, messages, letters, essays, and more. How WhatsApp Is Improving Video Calling Across Its Mobile and Desktop Apps


Meta Identifies Networks Pushing Deceptive Content Likely Generated by AI Apart from accessing it in a dedicated chat, users will also be able to use it when scrolling posts on Facebook. Every post will be accompanied by a Ask Meta AI icon, that can be tapped to get more information about the content of the post. At present, the feature is available for free and users only need an account in any of the Meta platforms to access it. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Realme C61 4G Specifications, Price and Other Details Leaked Ahead of Launch" ,  Realme C61 4G is expected to launch in India and in global markets soon. Ahead of its launch, the smartphone's specifications may have been leaked. It is expected to be a budget offering from the company. As per a report, the will be powered by a Unisoc chipset with up to 6GB RAM and come in multiple storage options. It is also tipped to be available in different colourways, depending on the region. Realme C61 4G price in India A report suggests that the Realme C61 4G may be priced at EUR 130 (roughly Rs. 11,600) in the global markets. However, it may be priced under Rs. 10,000 in India. It is tipped to come in different colourways, depending on the region. In India, it could come in Marble Black and Safari Green, while the global variant could have Dark Black and Dark Green colourways. Realme V60, Realme V60s With 32-Megapixel Rear Camera Launched: See Price Realme C61 4G specifications (expected) As per the report, the Realme C61 4G was spotted on the Google Play Console with the model number RMX3939. It is said to sport an HD+ display with a resolution of 1600 x 720 pixels and a pixel density of 320 DPI. Under the hood, it could get a Unisoc Speedtrum T612 4G chipset. As the name suggests, the smartphone is likely to have 4G capabilities. The report suggests this chip may be paired with either 4GB or 6GB RAM and up to 128GB storage. It is tipped to run on Android 14 out of the box. Along with the specifications, the report also includes a render of the Realme C61 4G. As per the image, it may get a dual camera system at the back with a 50-megapixel primary sensor. An LED flash is also expected to be part of the camera module. In terms of design, the Realme C61 4G could come with a waterdrop-style notch, similar to other Android smartphones in the budget segment. Why the Samsung Galaxy S25 Might Arrive With an Exynos 2500 Chip After All


Motorola Razr 50 Ultra Spotted on Amazon, to Be Launched in India Soon In terms of durability, the smartphone is tipped to have IP54 protection against water ingress. It is also reported to feature a rain-sensitive smart touch for increased usability in rainy weather. Furthermore, the report suggests that it may come with a programmable dynamic button and support air gestures. A 5,000mAh battery with support for 45W fast charging could back the Realme C61 4G. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme V60, Realme V60s With 32-Megapixel Rear Camera, 5,000mAh Battery Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  Realme V60 and Realme V60s have been launched in China as entry level smartphones. The smartphones share the same list of specifications and features, including a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset paired with up to 8GB of RAM, a single 32-megapixel rear camera, and a 5,000mAh battery that can be charged at 10W. The handsets run on Realme UI 5 out-of-the-box, which is based on Android 14. Both the Realme V60 and Realme V60s are equipped with an 8-megapixel selfie camera. Realme V60, Realme V60s price Realme V60 price starts at CNY 1,199 (roughly Rs. 13,800) for the 6GB+128GB RAM and storage configuration, while the handset is also sold in an 8GB+256GB variant that costs CNY 1,399 (roughly Rs. 16,100). While the Realme V60s has the same specifications as the standard model, it is available at a higher price in China. Pricing for the Realme V60s starts at CNY 1,399 (roughly Rs. 16,100) while the 8+256GB model is set at CNY 1,799 (Rs. 20,700) Realme GT 6 Review Both the Realme V60 and Realme V60s are available in Star Gold and Turquoise Green colour options and the handsets will are available to purchase in China via Realme's online store. Realme V60, Realme V60s specifications Both Realme V60 and Realme V60s are dual SIM smartphones that run Android 14 with Realme UI  5 on top. They sport a 6.67-inch HD+ (720x1,604 pixels) LCD screen with a peak brightness of 625 nits and while refresh rate can ranges between 50Hz and 120Hz. The company has equipped the Realme V60 and Realme V60s with the octa-core Dimensity 6300 chipset from MediaTek, along with up to 8GB of RAM. Realme says that the phone allows you to utilise up to 8GB of unutilised storage to virtually "expand" the smartphone's available memory. Realme GT 6 With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, AI Features Launched in India


Realme Buds Air 6 Pro With Up to 50dB ANC Debut in India For photos and videos, there's a single 32-megapixel rear camera sensor on both handsets. On the front, the company has provided an 8-megapixel camera for selfies and video chats. A 5,000mAh battery powers the Realme V60 and Realme V60s. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S25 Series Could Reportedly Arrive With Exynos 2500 Chip, as Samsung Attempts to Improve Yield" ,  Samsung Galaxy S25 series could be equipped with an Exynos 2500 chipset after all, according to a South Korean news report that contradicts claims that the firm plans to exclusively use Qualcomm's next-generation Snapdragon mobile processor for its upcoming flagship smartphones. The firm is reportedly working on improving the yield of its chipset, with only a few months to go before the successors to this year's Galaxy S24 models are expected to be unveiled. Samsung has also been working on a new Exynos chip to power its upcoming Galaxy Watch 7 series. According to a ZDNet Korea report (in Korean), Samsung is "making an all-out effort" to develop its own chipset for the Samsung Galaxy S25 series as part of a project called 'Solomon', which will require the company to improve the yield of the next-generation Exynos 2500 processor, which has reportedly remained low for the past few months. Citing industry sources, the publication states Exynos 2500 yields remained under 20 percent as of Q2 2024, and the figure was in the single digits in the preceding quarter. In order to begin mass producing its Exynos 2500 chip, Samsung will have to improve the yield to 60 percent (or higher) by September or October, according to the report. Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Could Get Two New Camera Sensors The Exynos 2500 isn't the only advanced chip being developed by the South Korean tech company. According to the report, a next-generation Exynos W1000 chip is being developed as part of Samsung's 'Sapphire' project, and it is expected to arrive as the successor to the dual core Exynos W930 that powers the Galaxy Watch 6 model. Earlier this month, TF International Securities market analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicted that Samsung would equip all models on the Galaxy S25 series of smartphones with a Snapdragon chipset, due to low Exynos 2500 yields. Samsung’s Future Flip Phones Might Feature a Rollable Display


Samsung Galaxy S25 Might Get Same Main Camera as the Galaxy S24


Samsung Tipped to Launch Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim: Here's When It May Arrive


Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra Leaked in Renders: See Design This year, the standard Galaxy S24 and Galaxy S24+ models arrived with an Exynos 2400 chipset (except in Canada, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Macau, Taiwan, and the US) while the Galaxy S24 Ultra features a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chip in all markets. It remains to be seen whether Samsung equips all models on its Galaxy S25 series with Snapdragon chips — just like the Galaxy S23 series that was launched last year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Motorola Razr 50 Ultra India Launch Confirmed, Will be Available via Amazon" ,  Motorola Razr 50 Ultra launch in China has already been confirmed, and the handset will also be making its debut in India soon. A microsite that mentions the next clamshell-stye foldable phone from the Lenovo-owned smartphone maker has confirmed that it will be available to purchase in the country via Amazon. The company has also teased six of its new artificial intelligence (AI) features that will be supported on the Motorola Razr 50 Ultra, ahead of its arrival in India. Motorola Razr 50 Utra spotted on Amazon A microsite on Amazon (via MySmartPrice) indicates various AI-powered features from Motorola that are available on some of the company's new smartphones. These include Adaptive Stabilisation, Action Shot, Intelligent Auto Focus Tracking, Photo Enhancement Pro, Super Zoom, Colour Optimisation, Style Sync, and AI Magic Canvas. The landing page includes an image of the recently launched Motorola Edge 50 Ultra, which also supports these features. While the content on the microsite is not directly related to the upcoming foldable, the page is under a new "Motorola Razr 50 Ultra" category under Electronics. The same text is also displayed at the top of the page next to the search bar. This indicates that the next Razr branded foldable phone from Motorola will also arrive in India and go on sale via Amazon.  Motorola Razr 50 Ultra spotted on AmazonPhoto Credit: Screenshot/ Amazon  It's worth noting that while the name of the smartphone has been mentioned on Amazon, there's no indication of when the handset will make its debut in the country. The smartphone maker has already confirmed that the Razr 50 Ultra will be launched in China on June 25, so the handset could arrive in India in the coming weeks — or months. Motorola Razr 50 Ultra specifications (Rumoured) Previous leaks have suggested that the Motorola Razr 50 Ultra — or the Razr+ 2024 in the US — will be equipped with a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset from Qualcomm, along with 12GB of RAM and 256GB of storage. The handset is said to feature a 3.6-inch cover screen and a 6.9-inch inner display. Motorola Razr 50 Ultra May Come in Several Colourways, Leak Suggests


Motorola Razr 50, Razr 50 Ultra, Moto G85 5G Price and Colourways Leaked


Motorola Razr 50 Series Launch Date Confirmed; Here's When It Will Arrive The foldable handset from Motorola will pack a 4,000mAh battery, according to reports. It is also tipped to arrive with a 32-megapixel selfie camera. The outer screen is also said to be equipped with a dual rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel wide angle camera as well as a 50-megapixel telephoto camera with 2x optical zoom support. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Intelligence Features to Be Delayed in Europe, iPhone Maker Blames EU Tech Rules" ,  Apple will delay launching three new artificial intelligence features because landmark European Union tech rules require it to ensure that rival products and services can function with its devices, the U.S. tech group said on Friday. Apple underscored its AI push earlier this month with a slew of new features and software enhancements for its iPhone and other devices to bolster sagging sales. It said Apple Intelligence, which uses AI to conjure text, images and other content on command, would be available on iPhone 15 Pro, iPhone 15 Pro Max, and iPad and Mac with its M1 chip and later versions. iPhone Mirroring on macOS Sequoia allows the phone's screen to be viewed and interacted with on Mac computers. Apple Will Reportedly Seek Local AI Partners in China to Launch AI Features The company said on Friday three features - Phone Mirroring, SharePlay Screen Sharing enhancements, and Apple Intelligence - will not be rolled out to EU users this year because of regulatory uncertainties due to the EU's Digital Markets Act (DMA). "Specifically, we are concerned that the interoperability requirements of the DMA could force us to compromise the integrity of our products in ways that risk user privacy and data security," Apple said in an email. "We are committed to collaborating with the European Commission in an attempt to find a solution that would enable us to deliver these features to our EU customers without compromising their safety." iOS 18 May Bring AI Performance Boost to iPhone, Geekbench Score Suggests © Thomson Reuters 2024 These Apple Intelligence Features Might Not Come to Your iPhone Till 2025


How Apple Used Google's Help to Train Its AI Models


Apple Explains How Its Private Cloud Compute Will Protect User Data .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Amazon Said to Plan Up to $10 Monthly Price Tag for Unprofitable Alexa Service, AI Revamp" ,  Amazon is planning a major revamp of its decade-old money-losing Alexa service to include a conversational generative AI with two tiers of service and has considered a monthly fee of around $5 to access the superior version, according to people with direct knowledge of the company's plans. Known internally as “Banyan,” a reference to the sprawling ficus trees, the project would represent the first major overhaul of the voice assistant since it was introduced in 2014 along with the Echo line of speakers. Amazon has dubbed the new voice assistant "Remarkable Alexa," the people said. The sources include eight current and former employees who worked on Alexa and who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss confidential projects. Amazon Reportedly Struggling to Make Alexa Smarter Amazon has pushed workers towards a deadline of August to prepare the newest version of Alexa, three of the people said, noting that CEO Andy Jassy has taken a personal interest in seeing Alexa reinvigorated. In an April letter to shareholders, Jassy promised a “more intelligent and capable Alexa,” without providing additional details. The company's plans for Alexa including pricing and release dates could be altered or canceled depending on the progress of Project Banyan, the people cautioned. "We have already integrated generative AI into different components of Alexa, and are working hard on implementation at scale—in the over half a billion ambient, Alexa-enabled devices already in homes around the world—to enable even more proactive, personal, and trusted assistance for our customers," said an Amazon spokeswoman in a statement. Amazon Plans to Offer Improved AI-Powered Alexa at an Extra Cost: Report The service -- which provides spoken answers to user queries, like the local weather, and can serve as a hub to control home appliances – was a pet project of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos who envisioned a technology that could emulate the fictional voice computer portrayed on television's Star Trek series. For Amazon, keeping up with rivals in generative AI is critical as Google, Microsoft and OpenAI have garnered more favorable attention for their so-called chatbots that can respond almost instantaneously with full sentences to complicated prompts or queries. The release of ChatGPT in late 2022 set off a frenzy of investing in AI firms and has pushed chipmaker Nvidia past Amazon and others by market capitalization, briefly becoming the world's second-most valuable company. Amazon Announced Layoffs in Alexa Voice Assistant Unit to Focus on Gen AI Apple too is pushing ahead with its own AI strategy, including updating its Siri voice activated software embedded in iPhones to include more conversational answers. Some of the Amazon employees who have worked on the project say Banyan represents a “desperate attempt” to revitalize the service, which has never turned a profit, and was caught flatfooted amid the rise of competitive generative AI products over the past 18 months. Those people said they have been told by senior management that this year is a critical one for the service to finally demonstrate it can generate meaningful sales for Amazon. Accessed primarily through Amazon TVs and Echo speaker devices, Alexa is popular mostly for setting timers, quickly accessing the weather, playing songs or answering simple questions. Amazon's hopes for goosing sales in its e-commerce operation through the service have fallen flat, mostly because users like to first see the products they are buying for easy comparison. ‘It Could Evolve Into Jarvis’: Autonomous AI Copilots Attract Silicon Valley The Seattle retailer cut thousands of jobs in the unit in late 2023, part of a major restructuring after a pandemic-fueled e-commerce surge lost steam. 'MUST WIN' With an embedded AI, Amazon expects Alexa customers will ask it for shopping advice like which gloves and hat to purchase for a mountain climbing trip, the people said, similar to a text-based service on its website known as Rufus that Amazon rolled out earlier this year. Amazon's iRobot Takeover Faces EU Antitrust Investigation, Sources Say Some said they've been told by senior management that 2024 represents a “must win” year for Alexa, which along with the Prime membership and Kindle and Fire devices are the brands most closely associated with Amazon. But an AI-powered version of the service demonstrated in September has yet to be released to the broader public while competitors have pushed out multiple updates to their chatbots. In the demonstration, Alexa lost its robotic tone and answered questions like the start time for a football game. "You can now have a near-human-like conversations with Alexa," promised Dave Limp, Amazon's hardware chief at the time, who has since left the company. Amazon is working to replace what it refers to internally as “Classic Alexa,” the current free version, with an AI-powered one and yet another tier that uses more powerful AI software for more complicated queries and prompts that people would have to pay at least $5 per month to access, some of the people said. Amazon has also considered a roughly $10-per-month price, they said. There is no tie-in with Amazon's $139-per-year Prime membership being considered, the people said. As envisioned, the paid version could perform more intricate tasks such as composing a brief email, sending it and ordering dinner for delivery from Uber Eats, all from a single prompt, some of the people said. It could also eliminate the need to repeatedly say "Alexa" during a conversation with the software and offer more personalization, they said. But the people said they struggled to see why customers would be willing to pay for a service, even a revamped one, that is offered for free today. Amazon has also been plagued by false starts in developing the AI and other challenges such as hallucinations – when software produces false or misleading information – and poor employee morale in the division. Some of Amazon's plans for the service were previously reported by Business Insider, including its struggles with the performance of the underlying AI and its hopes for a paid service, however Reuters is first to report the tiered pricing, internal deadline and potential monthly fee. Amazon is also aiming to supercharge the home automation offered through Alexa, the people said. Alexa now can wirelessly connect to so-called smart devices so that they can be controlled by voice, allowing a user to, for example, turn the porch lights on every day at 8 pm. But Remarkable Alexa could learn from users so that it powers on the television for a favorite weekly program or turns on a user's coffee pot after a morning alarm goes off, which is possible today through prompts that Amazon calls Routines. Some of the people noted that for such a service to work properly it will require customers to buy additional Alexa-enabled devices. The company had been working on devices last year to get the service into more rooms of the house, such as Alexa-enabled home energy consumption trackers and a carbon monoxide detector, people familiar with the matter previously told Reuters. © Thomson Reuters 2024 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Reducing 1 Percent TDS on Crypto Transactions Can Fetch Over Rs. 5,000 Crore for India by 2027: Report" ,  Ahead of India's final budget announcement for FY2024-2025, a policy paper has outlined the reasons why the government should consider revising the crypto tax laws in the country. The report has collectively been compiled by the Centre for Tax Laws, Hyderabad-based NALSAR University of Law, and some individual members of the crypto community in India. The report claimed that India could fetch Rs. 5,144 crores through capital gains by 2027, only if country revises its crypto laws. India's crypto tax laws Since 2022, India has been levying 30 percent tax on all crypto gains. In addition, it deducts one percent TDS (tax deducted at source) on every crypto transaction. The Finance Ministry wishes to maintain a trail of all crypto transactions, that are otherwise largely anonymous. About the 30 percent tax on crypto profits in India, the report said that it was the highest across comparative economies like Ukraine, Canada, and the US. Commenting on the TDS law, the report noted that no other nation with significant exposure to virtual assets imposed “such withholding tax”. Meta Restructures Reality Labs Team, Forms Two Separate Divisions: Report A reduction in this one percent TDS cut could decrease overall TDS refunds, increase government revenue through capital gains taxes, and improve transaction monitoring by the virtual asset service providers (VASPs) that are operating in India, the policy paper explained. “The tax impact is particularly harsh considering that India does not allow set off and carry forward of losses, which is uniquely discriminatory, even when compared to other industry sectors in India,” the report noted. The impact of these taxes on crypto activities has led to a drop in the number of users engaging with crypto exchanges in India. Time and again, exchanges have complained that they have had to take cost cutting measures to keep their businesses afloat because of reduced number of investors signing up on the platform. Coinbase Starts Initiative to Help Budding Crypto Projects, Boost Growth The report has shown that the number of active users in India's crypto space dropped by 81 percent in 2023 alone. Several are even moving to foreign exchanges to go around these laws. Where does India stand on crypto tax regime? As of now, the Indian government has not disclosed if it is even considering revising the crypto tax laws. Earlier this year, when Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman announced the interim budget before India conducted its general elections, she skipped mentioning the crypto sector. The government has thus far not addressed the crypto sector's demand to reduce the taxes.




title = "TCS Announces New Deal With Xerox to Build a Generative AI-Powered Enterprise Platform" ,  Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), the multinational IT service provider, announced signing a new deal with US-based Xerox on Friday. This deal expands the strategic partnership between the two companies and will let TCS build a cloud-native and generative artificial intelligence (AI) led digital platform for Xerox. The Mumbai-based IT giant will also create a cloud-first operating model to help the enterprise transform its business processes to drive sustainable growth. The new platform will have generative AI capabilities that it can integrate into its workflows. TCS to build an AI-powered digital platform for Xerox In a press release, TCS said that it has struck a deal with Xerox that will let it deliver an “end-to-end transformation” programme to speed up the transition of the company to a “simplified, services-led, software-enabled organisation.” Notably, Xerox is currently transitioning to a digital-first operation model to handle its enterprise-based operations more efficiently. Infosys Aster, AI-Powered Marketing Suite for Global Enterprises Launched Explaining some of the work TCS will do, the company highlighted that it will develop a new agile, cloud-first operating model. It will leverage its existing enterprise solutions such as TCS CrytallusTM and Cognitive Business Operations and develop deep capabilities of AI.Cloud in the platform. Milestone Systems Launches Experience Centre in India, AI VSaaS System


TCS Launches Generative AI Aggregation Platform WisdomNext for Businesses Further, it will also team up with various hyperscalers and AI solution providers to bring the expertise of industry partners in developing the right platform for the US-based company. Xerox and TCS have collaborated for more than two decades, as per the company. The US market also represents the largest market for the IT giant as it has nearly 50,000 associates and 19 delivery centres in the country. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G Introduced in New Olive Green Colour Option" ,  Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G was launched in India in January 2023 alongside the base Redmi Note 13 5G and the Redmi Note 13 Pro+ 5G. Initially, the Pro version was available in three colour options. Now, the phone has been unveiled in a fourth colour option in select global markets. The company is yet to confirm an India launch of the new colour variant. The Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G is available in the country with three RAM and storage configurations. Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G colour options The Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G has been introduced in an Olive Green colour option. It is currently listed on the global Xiaomi website alongside Aurora Purple, Midnight Black, and Ocean Teal shades. Why did the phone turn green? To match your summer vibes!Get ready for Olive Green #RedmiNote13Pro5G! 🌱🌳🫒 #EveryShotIconic pic.twitter.com/vnnaUVGmgH— Xiaomi (@Xiaomi) June 21, 2024 Notably, in India, the Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G is offered in Arctic White, Coral Purple, and Midnight Black colourways. Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G price in India The Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G currently starts in India at Rs. 24,999 for the 8GB + 128GB option, while the 8GB + 256GB and 12GB + 256GB variants are priced at Rs. 26,999 and Rs. 28,999, respectively. Redmi Note 13 Pro+ 5G World Champions Edition First Impressions Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G specifications, features The Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G sports a 6.67-inch 1.5K (1,220x2,712 pixels) curved AMOLED screen with up to 120Hz refresh rate, up to 1,800 nits of peak brightness, and Corning Gorilla Glass Victus protection. It is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC paired with up to 12GB of onboard storage and 256GB of onboard storage. It ships with Android 13-based MIUI 14. For optics, the Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G sports a triple rear camera unit that includes a 200-megapixel primary rear sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS), an 8-megapixel sensor with an ultra-wide-angle lens, and a 2-megapixel macro shooter. The front camera holds a 16-megapixel sensor. Redmi Note 13 5G Series Gets Discounted in India: See New Prices


Redmi 13 5G India Launch Date, Design, Colourways, Key Features Revealed The Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G is backed by a 5,100mAh battery with support for 67W wired fast charging. The phone also supports 5G, Wi-Fi, GPS, NFC, Bluetooth 5.2 and USB Type-C connectivity. For security, it carries an in-display fingerprint sensor. The handset comes with an IP54-rated build for dust and splash resistance.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo X200 Pro Tipped to Get 1.5K Display, MediaTek Dimensity 9400 SoC, More" ,  Vivo's flagship X lineup is expected to add a new device soon — Vivo X200 Pro. While we are expecting it to run on MediaTek's next flagship chipset, a most recent leak spills more details about its display, camera and battery. The Vivo X200 Pro is said to have a 1.5K resolution display and an in-display ultrasonic fingerprint sensor. The Vivo X200 Pro is expected to launch alongside the vanilla Vivo X200. It could come with upgrades over the Vivo X100 Pro. Vivo X200 Pro specifications (tipped) Prominent Chinese tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) on Weibo claimed that the Vivo X200 Pro will feature a slightly curved display with 1.5K resolution and narrow bezels. In the comment section, the tipster states that the display is likely to be 6.7 or 6.8 inches. Further, Vivo X200 Pro is tipped to carry a single-point ultrasonic in-display fingerprint sensor for authentication. It could bring a new silicon battery configuration, possibly a 6,000mAh cell. It is said to feature a new triple camera system, including a periscope lens. The tipster also reiterates that the MediaTek Dimensity 9400 chipset will power the upcoming Vivo X series phone. Vivo Y58 5G With 6,000mAh Battery Launched in India at This Price Vivo X100 Pro price in India, specifications The latest leak indicates that Vivo X200 Pro will bring significant improvements over the Vivo X100 Pro. The predecessor was unveiled in India in January with a price tag of Rs. 89,999 for the sole 16GB RAM + 512GB storage model. It is available in an Asteroid Black shade. Vivo X Fold 3 Pro Debuts as Vivo's First Foldable in India: See Price Vivo X100 Pro runs on MediaTek's Dimensity 9300 SoC and has an IP68-rated build for water and dust resistance. It features a Zeiss-branded triple rear camera unit, led by a 50-megapixel Sony IMX989 1-inch type sensor. The phone includes Vivo's in-house imaging chip and boasts a curved 6.78-inch LTPO AMOLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate. It has a 5,400mAh battery with 100W charging support. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Tipped to Get Two Camera Sensor Upgrades" ,  Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra is expected to be the flagship smartphone in the Galaxy S25 series when it arrives. While there is still some time before the smartphone is expected to be launched, new leaks have continued to sprinkle tiny details about it. A new leak now claims that the Ultra variant might get two new sensors, improving the capabilities of the ultra-wide-angle and telephoto cameras. Meanwhile, a previous report claimed that the upcoming handset might retain the same 200-megapixel primary camera as its predecessor. Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra said to get new camera sensors According to a post on X (formerly known as Twitter) by tipster Sperandio4Tech, the ultra-wide-angle and telephoto sensors of the Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra might get an upgrade. The tipster claims that the existing ultra-wide-angle sensor on the Galaxy S24 Ultra will be replaced by a “new version of the 1/2.76-inch JN1 sensor.” This new sensor is said to be smaller than its predecessor. Further, the poster claimed that the resolution of the sensor could be bumped to 50-megapixel as opposed to the current 12-megapixel. The new sensor's name was not revealed. Coming to the second upgrade, the telephoto lens is also tipped to get a new “1/3-inch Isocell sensor” which could be slightly larger than the current one. The tipster claimed that its resolution will also be upgraded to 50-megapixel as opposed to the predecessor's 10-megapixel. The optical zoom capability is said to remain the same at 3x. Further, he also claimed that new algorithms were being prepared for the smartphone, however did not share any details as to what these algorithms would do. Samsung Galaxy S25 Series Could Feature This Chipset on All Models Earlier this week, a report claimed that the Galaxy S25 Ultra could continue with a quad rear camera setup with the primary 200-megapixel sensor likely to remain the same. It is not known whether the periscope lens with a 5x optical zoom will receive any upgrades or not. Samsung Galaxy S25 Tipped to Have the Same Battery as Its Predecessor


Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra Tipped to Offer Competition to Face ID The same report also suggested that the primary rear camera of the vanilla Samsung Galaxy S25 might be the same 50-megapixel sensor as the existing model. If this is true, this will mark the fourth generation of the smartphone to get the same resolution sensor. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Oppo A3 Pro With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC, 45W Fast Charging Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Oppo A3 Pro was launched in India on Friday. The Indian variant of the smartphone is notably different from the version introduced in China in April. The phones vary in terms of both design and specifications. The most stark visible difference lies in the rear camera module. While the Indian model has a rectangular pill-shaped camera island, the handset launched in China sports a circular module. The Indian variant of the Oppo A3 Pro comes with a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit and the MediaTek Dimensity 6300 chipset. Oppo A3 Pro price in India, availability The Oppo A3 Pro starts in India at Rs. 17,999 for the 8GB + 128GB option, while the 8GB + 256GB variant is priced at Rs. 19,999. The company confirmed that the phone will be available for purchase in the country starting today via the Oppo India online store, Amazon, Flipkart as well as select offline retail stores. Oppo also confirmed that HDFC Bank, SBI Cards, IDFC First Bank, Yes Bank, and ICICI Bank users could avail of up to 10 percent instant discounts on debit and credit card transactions. Customers may also be able to enjoy Zero Down Payment and no-cost EMI payment options. All offers are subject to unspecified terms and conditions. Oppo A3 Pro With Dimensity 7050 Chipset, IP69 Rating Launched: See Price The Oppo A3 Pro is offered in two colour options - Moonlight Purple and Starry Black. Oppo A3 Pro specifications, features The Oppo A3 Pro sports a 6.67-inch screen with a 120Hz refresh rate, 180Hz touch response rate, and 1,000nits of peak brightness level. The handset is also equipped with the Splash Touch feature which allows people to use the phone even with wet hands. In India, the Oppo A3 Pro is equipped with a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 5G SoC paired with 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB of onboard storage. The RAM can be virtually expanded up to 16GB. The phone ships with Android 14-based ColorOS 14. Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G With IP69 Rating Debuts in India: See Price For optics, the Oppo A3 Pro gets a dual rear camera unit which includes a 50-megapixel primary sensor. The front camera holds an 8-megapixel sensor. The handset is also equipped with several AI-backed features like AI LinkBoost which is said to increase network stability. One other such feature is the AI Eraser which helps remove unwanted objects from a given picture. Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro Make Global Debut: Price, Specifications The Oppo A3 Pro is backed by a 5,100mAh battery with support for 45W wired SuperVOOC charging. The phone comes with an IP54 rating for dust and splash resistance as well as SGS Drop-Resistance and SGS Military Standard certifications. The handset measures 7.68mm in thickness and weighs 186g.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G Battery, Charging Details Confirmed Ahead of June 24 India Launch" ,  OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G is set to launch in India on June 24. The company had previously confirmed the main camera details of the smartphone. Now it has revealed the battery and charging details of the upcoming handset. While the phone's design was recently teased with a blue colourway,  new promotional images confirm the display feaetures as well. Meanwhile, leaked images of the handset, showing a second colour option, have also surfaced online. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G design, features The OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G has been teased to launch in a blue colourway via promotional images shared on official OnePlus social media handles and the OnePlus India microsite. The images show the handset carrying a dual rear camera system alongside dual rear LED flash units. These are placed within a vertically arranged elliptical module in the top left corner. On the front, the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G is seen with a flat display with a hole-punch cutout for the front camera. The right frame is seen housing the volume rocker and the power button, while the bottom appears to house the speaker grille and a USB Type-C port. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G to Launch in India on June 24; Design Revealed The official microsite reveals that the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G will be backed by a 5,500mAh battery with support for 80W wired SuperVOOC charging as well as reverse charging. The company had previously confirmed that the phone will sport a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-600 primary rear camera with optical image stabilisation (OIS). Notably, the Amazon listing for the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G confirms the Mega Blue colourway as well as the 8GB + 128GB configuration of the handset. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G colour options (expected) Meanwhile, an Android Headlines report shared leaked design renders of the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G. The leaked images showed the handset in two colour options - blue and grey. This suggests that the phone could launch in at least two colourways. The report said that the grey option will likely be marketed as ‘Super Silver.' OnePlus Nord CE 4 With Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC Goes Official  OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G leaked rendersPhoto Credit: Android Headlines  OnePlus Nord CE 4 Review OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G specifications (expected) An earlier report suggested that the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G may be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 695 SoC or the Snapdragon 6 Gen 1 chipset. The secondary camera in the dual rear camera unit is expected to be a 2-megapixel depth sensor. The handset may also get a 16-megapixel front camera sensor and an in-display fingerprint scanner. It is likely to run on Android 14 operating system out-of-the-box. The phone has previously been tipped to be priced below Rs. 20,000 in India.   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iOS 18 Brings New API to Offer AirPods-Like Setup Experience With Third-Party Accessories" ,  iOS 18 brought several new features to the iPhone but only a few of them were showcased during the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10. One feature which Apple did not advertise but is set to come with its upcoming update is the ability to offer developers an option to provide an AirPods-like setup experience with third-party accessories. Apple will bring a new API that developers can make use of to ensure a more seamless setup process. New setup experience for third-party accessories According to documentation on Apple's developer website, iOS 18 will introduce a new API called AccessorySetupKit. Using this API, the iPhone can connect to accessories with images or names provided by the app over Bluetooth or Wi-Fi. Apple says this new API allows “seamless, privacy-preserving user consent and control for Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, and Local Network permissions.” Apple Back to School 2024 Sale Brings Discounts on iPad, MacBook Models At present, Apple products such as AirPods and AirTag can be paired to the iPhone or the iPad via a simple pop-up window that shows up when it is brought near the device. This eliminates multiple steps previously required, such as manually going to the device's settings, toggling Bluetooth, selecting the accessory and entering the PIN. Instead, the Apple accessory can be paired with a single tap. Apps integrated with the AccessorySetupKit can access more accessory controls, such as pairing removal and renaming, the iPhone maker claims. When a user brings the accessory near the iPhone, it is speculated to bring up a pop-up window for quick pairing automatically. According to Apple, the AccessorySetupKit API is currently available in beta. The company released the iOS 18 Developer 1 Beta after its WWDC 2024 keynote, meaning users who have registered as beta developers can download and use it on their iPhone. The API is also available in iPadOS 18 Developer Beta 1. Final Cut Camera App Brings Professional Camera Controls to iPhone


Apple’s Internal Tools’ Source Code Allegedly Stolen, Leaked on Dark Web iOS 18 compatibility iOS 18 compatible devices include iPhone XR and newer models, up to the latest iPhone 15 Pro Max. This means all of the iPhone models which run iOS 17 will get the update. However, not all features may be available on older models. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Android 15 Could Bring a New Device Diagnostics Menu, Make It Easier to Fix Issues With Your Phone" ,  Android 15 beta 3 update was released on Tuesday and it introduced several new features for Android smartphones. According to a report, one of the new features in the update is a Device Diagnostics option in settings which lets users carry out tests on their handsets for any potential issues in its internal components. The option is even tipped to offer evaluation capabilities using another device, making it easier for owners to diagnose their smartphones without having to visit a repair centre. New Diagnostics menu in Android 15 Android Authority, collaborating with tipster Mishaal Rahman, reported about the new Device Diagnostics feature in the latest Android beta update. As per the report, it is located below the Repair mode option in the device settings. It is said to offer two options: Component health and Evaluation mode. Using the Component health option, users can run several diagnostics, including a display test and touch test. This is reported to let them swipe their finger across the display and show where the touch input was registered. It also lets them check up on the battery's health with information like battery status, manufacture date, first use date and cycle count, as per the report. Users can also check the status of the data storage chip and the page lets them know the remaining lifetime of the chip. Google Pixel May Get a New Device Temperature Monitoring Feature On the other hand, the Evaluation mode reportedly enables the users to use another smartphone to carry out a thorough evaluation of it. They can generate a QR code on the device that needs to be assessed and scanned with their trusted handset, the report suggests. It is then said to run a series of tests on the smartphone and generate a report with details of any potential issues. YouTube Cracks Down on VPN Users, Starts Cancelling Subscriptions: Report


How Google's Tensor G5 Chip Could Offer Improved Efficiency As per the report, some of the tests run in Evaluation mode may require internet access on the device. The Device Diagnostics menu was reportedly discovered after “tinkering” with the Android build on a Google Pixel smartphone. At present, the Android 15 beta 3 update is only said to be available for Pixel 6 and later models. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "YouTube Expands Privacy Complaint Process, Lets Users Report AI-Generated Content Using Their Face or Voice" ,  YouTube is expanding its user privacy protection mechanism to include artificial intelligence (AI) content. The video-streaming giant announced on Thursday that users will be able to report AI-generated content that simulates their face or voice. Users can report such videos using the Privacy Complaint Process, an online reporting system that allows them to fill out a form to highlight their issue, share evidence of the privacy violation, and share the uploader's details. Once a complaint is submitted, it is manually reviewed against several parameters, and if the complaint is found to be legitimate, the video is deleted. YouTube lets users report AI-generated content In a community post, YouTube revealed that it is expanding the privacy request process for AI generated content that replicates both face and voice. In November 2023, the company announced that it intended to introduce responsible AI innovation to the platform. At the time, it listed several new features it promised to introduce to protect users from misinformation and deepfakes. Deepfakes can be understood as synthetic media (generated using AI or otherwise) which have been digitally altered to impersonate another individual. In recent times, incidents of deepfakes have increased significantly. YouTube is now letting users take the help of its existing Privacy Complaint Process to report any AI-generated content that simulates their face or voice. YouTube Cracks Down on VPN Users, Starts Cancelling Subscriptions: Report Users can also report a channel if they feel the channel is impersonating them. However, this will not be considered the same as a Community Guidelines strike, even if a creator's video is removed through this process. Notably, YouTube disables a creator's channel if they have received three strikes. How does YouTube's Privacy Complaint process work YouTube's Privacy Complaint Process form can be accessed here. It is a long process where users are first taken through six pages which helps users ascertain whether their privacy is violated and if they have explored all other options before reaching out to the platform. These include asking the user if they have been harassed, they have contacted the uploader, and they have reviewed the Community Guidelines. They are also told that abusing the process may result in their account being suspended. YouTube Music Could Get This AI-Powered Search Feature Soon


YouTube Introducing a Notes Feature, Bringing More Context to Videos However, for genuine privacy complaints, users can go through these steps to reach a long form where they are required to share details about the incident, any evidence, and information about the uploader. Once the form is submitted, YouTube evaluates the validity of the incident. After the validity has been established, the video is deleted from the platform. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Redmi 14C 5G Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website, Hints at Imminent Launch in India" ,  Redmi 13C 5G with MediaTek Dimensity 6100+ SoC and 50-megapixel dual rear cameras was launched in India last year. Now, the Xiaomi sub-brand is reportedly gearing up to unveil the Redmi 13C 5G as its successor. The launch details of the upcoming Redmi smartphone are still under wraps, but it has been allegedly caught in the IMEI database recently showing four model numbers. The listing hints at the arrival of the phone in India. Redmi 14C 5G spotted on IMEI website As per a report by GizmoChina, the Redmi 14C 5G has been listed on the IMEI database with four model numbers —2411DRN47G, 2411DRN47R, 2411DRN47I and 2411DRN47C. The letter 'G' in the model number is said to stand for global, pointing to the availability of the phone in international markets. The model numbers with suffixes R, I, and C are said to be the variants intended for Japanese, India and Chinese markets. The Redmi 14C 5G could be the first Redmi C-series handset to launch in the Japanese market. It is expected to bring upgrades over the Redmi 13C 5G. Xiaomi 14 Civi With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC Debuts in India: See Price Redmi 13C 5G price, specifications The Redmi 13C 5G's 4GB + 128GB variant was launched in December last year for Rs. 9,999. The 6GB + 128GB and 8GB + 256GB variants are priced at Rs. 11,499 and Rs. 13,499, respectively. Xiaomi's Clamshell Foldable Phone May Be Available Globally On the specification front, the Redmi 13C 5G has a 6.74-inch HD+ (1,600 x 720 pixels) LCD display with a maximum refresh rate of 90Hz and touch sampling rate of 180Hz. It runs on a MediaTek Dimensity 6100+ SoC and offers up to 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM and 256GB of UFS2.2 internal storage. It has a dual rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel primary camera. Selfies are handled by a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. The phone houses a 5,000mAh battery with 18W charging support. 




title = "OnePlus Ace 3 Pro Launch Date Set for June 27; OnePlus Pad Pro, Buds 3, Watch 2 to Debut Alongside" ,  OnePlus has finally confirmed the launch date for the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro. The Chinese tech brand will unveiled the new Ace series smartphone in its home country alongside OnePlus Pad Pro, OnePlus Buds 3, and OnePlus Watch 2. OnePlus is actively teasing the design and specifications of the new smartphone on the Web. The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is confirmed to run on Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC and will pack a whopping 6,100mAh battery. In several posts on the Chinese social media platform Weibo, OnePlus confirmed that the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro will go official on June 27 in China. The OnePlus Pad Pro, OnePlus Buds 3, and OnePlus Watch 2 are also scheduled to go official during the same launch event. Design of the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is revealed through social media posts. It is confirmed to be offered in a Ceramic Collector's Edition with a white finish. It will be powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC and feature an 8.5mm scratch-resistant and wear-resistant thick profile. OnePlus Open 2 Tipped to Launch Next Year With Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC OnePlus is eager to shake things up with its new Ace series phone. It will get a massive 6,100mAh battery with 100W fast charging support based on the company's propriety Glacier Battery technology. This massive battery is claimed to deliver up to two days of battery life on a single charge. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro price, specifications (expected) Based on past rumours, the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro could launch with a starting price tag of CNY 2,999 (roughly Rs. 34,000), while the Collector's Edition could cost CNY 4,000 (roughly Rs. 46,000). The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is tipped to feature a 6.78-inch 8T LTPO display with 1.5K resolution. It could pack a triple rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor, an 8-megapixel unit, and a 2-megapixel sensor. It is expected to get a 16-megapixel selfie camera. OnePlus 13 Early Leak Points to Three 50-Megapixel Rear Cameras    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Back to School 2024 Sale: Discounts on iPad Air, MacBook Pro, iMac, More" ,  Apple Back to School 2024 sale is currently live on the online Education Store in India. The Cupertino-based tech giant's annual sale for students and educators began on Thursday (June 20) and will continue till September 20. The sale is aimed at students enrolled in higher education and teachers and offers special discounts on iPad and MacBook models. There are offers on iMac and Mac mini as well. Apart from discounts, buyers can also get free AirPods and Apple Pencil with certain purchases. Apple Back to School 2024 sale: Best deals This year, Apple is offering discounts and freebies with the iPad Air with the M2 chipset, the iPad Pro with the M4 chipset, the MacBook Air with the M2 and M3 SoC, and the MacBook Pro with the M3 chip on its online Education Store. Further, the iMac with the M3 chipset and the Mac mini with the M2 SoC also come with discounts. Apple iPad Air (2024) Launched in May, the iPad Air (2024) with the M2 chip comes in 11-inch and 13-inch variants, with options for Wi-Fi only and Wi-Fi + Cellular connectivity. It features a Liquid Retina (LCD) screen, a 12-megapixel wide-angle camera on the back and a 12-megapixel ultra-wide-angle forward-facing camera for selfies, and a USB Type-C port for charging and data transfers. It runs on iPadOS 17 out-of-the-box. During the Apple Back to School 2024 sale, it will be available at the following prices: 11-inch iPad Air, 128GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 54,990 11-inch iPad Air, 256GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 64,990 11-inch iPad Air, 512GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 84,990 11-inch iPad Air, 1TB inbuilt storage - Rs. 99,900 13-inch iPad Air, 128GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 74,990 13-inch iPad Air, 256GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 84,990 13-inch iPad Air, 512GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 99,990 13-inch iPad Air, 1TB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,19,900 These prices are for the Wi-Fi-only variant. The Wi-Fi + Cellular variants will be priced slightly higher. Along with the discount, buyers will also get a free Apple Pencil priced at Rs. 6,900. Apple iPad Pro (2024) The Apple iPad Pro (2024) with the latest M4 chipset was also launched in May and comes in 11-inch and 13-inch variants along with options for Wi-Fi only or Wi-Fi + Cellular connectivity. Both display sizes feature Apple's new Tandem OLED screens with a 120Hz (ProMotion) refresh rate and a peak brightness of 1,000 nits. It sports a 12-megapixel primary camera and a LiDAR scanner on the back, and a 12-megapixel ultra-wide-angle camera on the front. During the Apple Back to School 2024 sale, it will be available at the following prices: 11-inch iPad Pro, 256GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 89,900 11-inch iPad Pro, 512GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,09,900 11-inch iPad Pro, 1TB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,49,900 11-inch iPad Pro, 2TB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,89,900 13-inch iPad Pro, 256GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,19,900 13-inch iPad Pro, 256GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,39,900 13-inch iPad Pro, 256GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,79,900 13-inch iPad Pro, 256GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 2,19,900 As above-mentioned, these prices are just for the Wi-Fi-only variant and adding Cellular connectivity will cost extra. Buyers will get a free Apple Pencil Pro priced at Rs. 10,900 with all of the iPad Pro variants. Apple MacBook Air In 2022, Apple introduced the MacBook Air with the M2 chipset. The company refreshed the model with the M3 chipset in May 2024. During the Apple Back to School 2024 sale, both of these models are available with a discount. The following are the discounted prices of the individual models: 13-inch MacBook Air (M2), 8GB RAM + 256GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 89,990 13-inch MacBook Air (M2), 8GB RAM + 512GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,09,900 13-inch MacBook Air (M3), 8GB RAM + 256GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,04,900 13-inch MacBook Air (M3), 8GB RAM + 512GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,24,900 13-inch MacBook Air (M3), 16GB RAM + 512GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,44,900 15-inch MacBook Air (M3), 8GB RAM + 256GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,24,900 15-inch MacBook Air (M3), 8GB RAM + 512GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,44,900 15-inch MacBook Air (M3), 16GB RAM + 512GB inbuilt storage - Rs. 1,64,900 With every purchase, users will get a free AirPods (3rd Generation) with the Lightning charging case priced at Rs. 19,900. Apple MacBook Pro (2023) Apple MacBook Pro models with the M3, M3 Pro, and M3 Max chipsets were launched in October 2023. The devices are available in 14-inch and 16-inch variants. The MacBook Pro (2023) models feature Liquid Retina XDR displays with a 120Hz refresh rate and a peak brightness of 1600 nits. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi 6E, Bluetooth 5.3, up to three Thunderbolt 4/ USB 4 ports, a MagSafe 3 charging port, an SDXC card reader, an HDMI port and a 3.5mm headphone jack. 14-inch MacBook Pro starts at the price of Rs. 1,58,900 16-inch MacBook Pro starts at the price of Rs. 2,29,900 Just like MacBook Air models, buyers will get a free AirPods (3rd Generation) with every MacBook Pro (2023) purchase as well. Apple iMac (2023) and Mac mini (2023) The tech giant has also offered discounts on the iMac (2023) with the M3 chipset and Mac mini (2023) with the M2 chipset. iMac (2023) starts at the price of Rs. 1,29,900 Mac mini (2023) starts at the price of Rs. 49,900 Purchasing either of the devices will also fetch buyers a free AirPods (3rd Generation). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "New OnePlus Watch Appears on Certification Website, Showcasing New Design and Button Layout" ,  OnePlus recently launched its first WearOS-powered smartwatch, the OnePlus Watch 2, but it already seems to be cooking up another one as per a new leak. In February, OnePlus launched its Watch 2, which was powered by two processors and two operating systems, both of which switched seamlessly and delivered better battery life as described in our review. However, a new OnePlus wearable has now been spotted on a certification website in China and it does have some familiarities with the existing model. A listing on Chinese certification website TENAA even has a picture of the watch in question. The certification for this mysterious OnePlus wearable was issued on May 19 this year and is tagged with the model number OPWW234 by Oppo, which is OnePlus' parent company. Starting off with the image of the smartwatch supplied for the certification, it clearly shows a OnePlus logo on what appears to be a rather large display (given the size of the pin buckle on the strap). The display does have a bezel, but it appears a bit thinner than the Watch 2 and also has a number of inscriptions on it. OnePlus Watch 2 Review The three-quarter profile of the watch does make it appear a lot slimmer compared to the chunkier OnePlus Watch 2, but this could just be because of the angle the photograph was captured from. This smartwatch (which could be the OnePlus Watch 3) also appears to have two buttons like the OnePlus Watch 2 does, but they both point outwards compared to the second (multifunction) button which pointed downwards thanks to its odd placement. The design of the lugs and the placement of the strap seems similar to what's already available on the outgoing model.  The registered image of the unknown OnePlus smartwatch on TENAAPhoto Credit: TENAA  The listing as expected has no product name, but the basic specifications on the listing suggests that it has a 500mAh battery capacity which is similar to the currently available OnePlus Watch 2 but also packs in LTE radios (via eSIM support) for connectivity which are missing on the current model. The specifications also hint that the device will be powered by Android, which is a slightly different implementation compared to the OnePlus Watch 2 which utilises both WearOS and RTOS as its operating systems. So, it's unclear if this new smartwatch will go with a dual architecture like the Watch 2. The watch in question communicates with a smartphone using Bluetooth and also packs Wi-Fi and NFC, as per the listing. It also supports the usual global positioning systems (GPS, BeiDou, GLONASS). At this moment, it's unclear when this smartwatch will be announced or revealed. But given that it has reached the certification stage, there's a good chance that it will be announced soon. What also remains unclear is its positioning. This watch does pack in cellular connectivity over the existing model so it could be a slightly altered variant of the same and end up getting branded as the OnePlus Watch 2S. If it's a brand new model we could be looking at the OnePlus Watch 3 or an Ultra model, like the one Samsung seems to have in the works. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Brings Professional Camera Controls to iPhone With Final Cut Camera App" ,  Final Cut Camera app is now available for download on the App Store. Apple first unveiled the app during the Let Loose event in May alongside the launch of its new MacBook models. However, there was no information regarding its launch timeline, prompting speculation among Apple fans. iPhone users can now get the app from the App Store and it is free to download, offering professional camera controls and editing tools on mobile. Final Cut Camera app According to a post in the Apple Newsroom, Final Cut Camera is “an all-new video capture app” that enables creators to “wirelessly connect and remotely direct each video angle”. It is also the first time that Apple is offering professional camera controls on the iPhone via a first-party app. Users now have access to settings including shutter speed, ISO, white balance, and manual focus. Final Cut Camera can work as a standalone professional video capture app on the iPhone as well as the iPad. As per Apple, users can start a Live Multicam session by connecting up to four devices running the Final Cut Camera app. This enables them to remotely preview, record, and sync video angles in Final Cut Pro for iPad. Apple’s Internal Tools’ Source Code Allegedly Stolen, Leaked on Dark Web The app also claims to offer features such as ratio guides and grid overlays for shot composition, zebra indicators for exposure, and focus peaking for precise camera focus. Furthermore, creators can also choose between different colour and dynamic ranges, including SDR (Rec. 709) and HDR (HLG), in addition to Log, which is only available when Apple ProRes is turned on. They can also select from 720p, 1080p and 4K resolutions, as well as 24fps, 25fps (PAL), 30fps and 60fps refresh rates. To get the best shot, it also offers stabilisation within the app which reduces shakiness and movement, as per Apple. Users can choose between different focal lengths for shooting with three options present for the iPhone 15 Pro: 13mm, 24mm and 77mm. The app is available on the App Store for iPhone Xs and later models, running iOS 17.4 or later. Apple Will Reportedly Seek Local AI Partners in China to Launch AI Features


How to Hide App and Widget Names on Your Home Screen on iOS 18 Alongside Final Cut Camera for the iPhone, Apple also released Final Cut Pro for iPad 2 which also gets the Live MultiCam feature. The app is free for existing users, while new users can sign-up for it starting at Rs. 499 per month. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Redmi 13 5G India Launch Date Set for July 9; Design, Colourways, Key Features Revealed" ,  Redmi 13 5G will be introduced in India next month. The company has announced the launch date of the handset and revealed some of its details including the design, colour options, and several key specifications. The upcoming smartphone is expected to succeed the Redmi 12 5G, which was unveiled in India in August 2023, alongside the Redmi 12 4G. However, the company has not yet confirmed the arrival of the Redmi 13 4G in the country. Redmi 13 5G launch, design, colour options Redmi India confirmed in an X post that the Redmi 13 5G will launch in India on July 9 at 12pm IST. A microsite for the phone has also gone live on the Xiaomi India website. It shows the design and colour options of the upcoming handset. Introducing the 5G Star: Redmi 13 5G ft. #NoraFatehi! ⭐️With stunning looks and blazing-fast 5G, #Redmi13 5G is set to redefine elegance and performance.Meet #The5GStar on 9th July'24.Know more: https://t.co/M7QZ5TPYQE pic.twitter.com/TO9GygyL72— Redmi India (@RedmiIndia) June 21, 2024 The Redmi 13 5G is seen with a flat display that has thick bezels, a relatively thicker chin, and a centred hole-punch slot at the top to house the front camera sensor. The right edge of the handset holds the volume rocker and the power button. The top edge can be seen housing a 3.5mm audio jack. At the back, the Redmi 13 5G appears to have a shiny, glass finish and a dual rear camera system. The two camera units alongside an LED flash unit are placed in the top left corner in three separate, circular, slightly raised modules. The phone is teased in two shades - blue and pink. Redmi 13 4G With MediaTek Helio G91 Ultra SoC Launched: See Price Redmi 13 5G features The microsite also confirms several key features of the Redmi 13 5G. It is claimed to sport the largest display among 5G handsets in the segment. The phone is confirmed to carry a 108-megapixel main rear camera. It will be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC and ship with Android 14-based HyperOS. It is also confirmed to pack a 5,030mAh battery with 33W fast charging support. Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G Could Soon Be Available in This Colour Variant


Redmi Note 13 Pro+ 5G World Champions Edition First Impressions No other details about the smartphone have been confirmed yet. We are likely to learn more about the Redmi 13 5G over the next few days. Notably, the Redmi 13 4G variant was unveiled in select European countries earlier this month. It comes with a MediaTek Helio G91 Ultra SoC, a 6.79-inch full-HD+ LCD screen, a 108-megapixel main camera, and a 5,030mAh battery with 33W wired fast charging support.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Meta Restructures Reality Labs Team, Forms Two Separate Divisions for Metaverse, Wearables: Report" ,  Meta is attempting to enhance and streamline its operations in the Web3 and wearables markets. The company has reportedly divided its Reality Labs team into two separate entities where one team will work on the metaverse-focussed Quest headsets and the other will dedicate its time to hardware wearables that Meta may launch in the future. As per a report that surfaced online recently, Meta's CTO Andrew Bosworth announced this segregation in the Reality Labs team earlier this week. What is Reality Labs, and what are Meta's plans for it? After Mark Zuckerberg rebranded Facebook to Meta in 2021, he formed the Reality Labs unit formally in 2022. This division merged multiple initiatives that were already being worked upon within the company like Artificial Intelligence, virtual headsets, as well as CTRL Labs among others. Later, the Reality Labs unit of Meta also became the centre point of the company's exploration into the metaverse technology. India Fines Binance $2.2 Million for Breaching Anti-Money Laundering Laws According to a report by The Verge Bosworth conveyed details about the internal restructuring through at Meta througha memo. The website also reported that layoffs have also been announced for some members of the team. The exact number of people terminated remains unknown for now – but the report claims that it was a relatively small group. Moving forward, all of Meta's initiatives related to the metaverse technology will be reportedly handled by the newly separated Metaverse division. The Quest VR headset, its operating system called Horizon OS, as well as Meta's social VR platform Horizon Worlds will be overseen by the Metaverse unit, as per the report. Horizon leader Vishal Shah will reportedly now monitor developments around the Quest headsets as well. In 2022, Meta refreshed the Quest headset lineup with the ‘Meta Quest Pro' that starts at the price point of $999 (roughly Rs. 83,520). In 2023, Meta unveiled the Meta Quest 3 priced at $499.99 (roughly Rs. 41,800). As of March 2023, Meta had reportedly sold 20 million Quest headsets. Coinbase Starts Initiative to Help Budding Crypto Projects, Boost Growth Meanwhile, the company has not yet addressed the reported development publicly. Meta's Metaverse journey so far Zuckerberg announced his big plans to venture into the metaverse industry when he rebranded Facebook to Meta in October 8, 2021. With Web3 technologies meeting with scrutiny around the world because of their links to volatile and risky digital assets, the growth of these technologies have been gradual. Meta's Reality Labs unit has been reporting losses constantly since the rebranding. Reality Labs lost $13.7 billion (roughly Rs. 1,12,200 crore) in 2022, whereas it suffered a loss of $46.5 billion while generating nearly $11 billion (roughly Rs. 91,744 crore) in revenue in the fourth quarter of 2023. In May 2023, Meta had commissioned a study that claimed that the metaverse could contribute as much as $760 billion (roughly Rs. 62,36,088 crore) or about 2.4 percent to the US annual gross domestic product (GDP) by 2035. Zuckerberg projects that his metaverse initiatives could see more losses in the coming times but he remains diligent about exploring its use cases.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Reportedly Developing New Overheating Measure for Pixel Smartphones" ,  Google is developing a new measure that tackles the problem of overheating in its Pixel smartphones, according to a report. The feature, named “Adaptive Thermal”, was reportedly spotted during an APK teardown of the smartphone's Device Health Services app. While smartphones today come with in-built temperature safety measures, this new feature is said to bring up a new pop-up notification and trigger a temperature measurement service whenever it detects the Pixel smartphone heating up. Adaptive Thermal on Pixel smartphones In a report, Android Authority, collaborating with tipster Mishaal Rahman, revealed information about this new feature that Google is said to be developing. Several strings related to the feature were spotted during an APK teardown of the Pixel's Device Health Services app version 1.27. When engaged, the smartphone is said to trigger a “pre-emergency” alert as the battery temperature reaches 49 degrees Celsius. A notification may then appear saying the “phone needs to cool down”. It is also tipped to inform the user that they may experience “slower performance” on their Pixel. How Google's Tensor G5 Chip Could Offer Improved Efficiency To fix it, they should “try avoiding direct sunlight or close any battery-intensive apps”, as per the report. A new See care steps option is also said to appear which lets users know the steps taken by the Pixel's operating system to ensure its safety. The option also reportedly offers tips to cool down the device, such as keeping it in an open place with better airflow, closing battery-intensive apps and avoiding use under direct sunlight. At present, Pixel devices, like other smartphones, have several measures in place to combat overheating. When the smartphone heats up, the CPU throttles, sacrificing performance to protect the handset. Furthermore, the device can also automatically turn off several features such as the LED flash, camera, 5G connectivity, and even slow down the charging. These steps are in place to ensure there is no damage to the device in such situations. Android 15 Can Turn Off Your Screen When Not in Use With Adaptive Timeout


Pixel Tablet Could Gain this Circle to Search Shortcut on Android 15 The Adaptive Thermal feature is also reported to measure the Pixel smartphone's temperature every five minutes automatically. If it reaches above 52 degrees Celsius, the device reportedly enters an “emergency” state. Once it crosses the 55 degrees Celsius threshold, it may toggle a 30-second warning, following which the handset may turn off. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra Now Available in India in a New Titanium Colour Option" ,  Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra is now available in a new colour option in India. The flagship smartphone with a Titanium frame and 200-megapixel quad rear camera setup was unveiled in the country in January. It was available in three standard Titanium-based colourways and three online-exclusive colour options. The Galaxy S24 Ultra includes Samsung's top-of-the-line features and specifications including an S Pen stylus for inputs, Galaxy AI features, Dynamic AMOLED 2X display and Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC for Galaxy. Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra price in India The South Korean tech brand announced the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra in a Titanium Yellow colour option on Friday through X. The new variant is priced at Rs. 1,29,999 for the base 12GB + 256GB storage model. The 512GB storage variant is priced at Rs. 1,39,999, while the 1TB storage model is priced at Rs. 1,59,999. The Galaxy S24 Ultra is already available in Titanium Black, Titanium Gray, and Titanium Violet colour options. It can be purchased exclusively through Samsung's online store in Titanium Blue, Titanium Green, and Titanium Orange shades. Samsung Galaxy S25 Might Get Same Main Camera as the Galaxy S24 Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra specifications Apart from a new shade, the Galaxy S24 Ultra Titanium Yellow variant has the same look and specifications as the other colour options. It runs on Android 14 with One UI 6.1 on top and includes Galaxy AI features. It sports a 6.8-inch QHD+ Dynamic AMOLED 2X display with an adaptive refresh rate of 1Hz–120Hz and 2,600nits of peak brightness. The handset features a Titanium chassis and runs on Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Mobile Platform for Galaxy. The Galaxy S24 Ultra has a quad rear camera setup, including a 200-megapixel wide camera, a 12-megapixel ultra-wide shooter, a 50-megapixel telephoto shooter, and a 10-megapixel telephoto shooter. It has a 12-megapixel camera at the front. Samsung has packed a 5,000mAh battery in the Galaxy S24 Ultra with support for 45W wired charging and Fast Wireless Charging 2.0 that offers 15W charging speeds. It has an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3's Alleged Retail Listing Suggests AirPods-Like Case    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "YouTube Reportedly Cracking Down on Those Using VPN to Get Cheaper Premium Subscription" ,  YouTube is now cracking down on users who use virtual private networks (VPNs) to get a cheaper premium subscription, according to claims by users on social media. Over the last few months, the video-streaming service has been heavily focusing on tackling the issue of third-party ad blockers which violate its terms of service. However, it now seems to have diverted its attention to another one of its revenue streams – YouTube Premium subscriptions. Crackdown on VPN users In a post titled “Automatic YouTube Premium Cancellation?” on the YouTube subreddit, user @Alopez1024 shared a screenshot showing an alleged email from the video-streaming service regarding the cancellation of the premium subscription. The email informed the user of them losing the benefits of YouTube Premium, while also guiding them through the process of getting it back. Automatic Youtube Premium Cancellation?byu/Alopez1024 inyoutube In the comments, several users highlighted that this may be happening to those using a VPN to get a cheaper subscription. Notably, YouTube Premium, like many other subscription services, isn't priced the same everywhere. For instance, it starts at $13.99 (roughly Rs. 1,170) per month in the US for the Individual plan. On the other hand, the same plan costs Rs. 129 per month in India, which is almost 10 percent of the US price. Due to this disparity, some users may have navigated to the YouTube website via VPN in regions where its premium subscription is cheaper, to get it. This is the very issue that YouTube is said to be tackling with its latest move. YouTube's response In a conversation with TechCrunch, a YouTube spokesperson said, “To provide the most accurate plans and offers available, we have systems in place to determine the country of our users. In instances where the signup country does not match where the user is accessing YouTube, we're asking members to update their billing information to their current country of residence.” YouTube Music Could Get This AI-Powered Search Feature Soon


YouTube Introducing a Notes Feature, Bringing More Context to Videos


YouTube Said to Be Testing a New Way to Disrupt Ad Blockers: How It Works Streaming services as of late have been witnessing periodic price hikes. The price of Spotify Premium recently saw an increase for the second time in 12 months. YouTube Premium's subscription prices were also hiked in July 2023 to $13.99 per month, up from $11.99 (roughly Rs. 1,000). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Anthropic Releases Claude 3.5 Sonnet, Makes It Available for Free to All Users" ,  Anthropic released the first entrant in the Claude 3.5 large language model (LLM) family, Claude 3.5 Sonnet, on Friday. The new release comes just three months after the AI firm unveiled the Claude 3 family of artificial intelligence (AI) models. As per the company, the latest AI model can outperform Claude 3 Opus, the most capable model from the previous generation. It also gets a new Artifact feature that will allow users to see a sandbox view when the chatbot is asked to generate code snippets, website designs and more. Claude 3.5 Sonnet details According to a newsroom post by the company, the Claude 3.5 Sonnet is now more powerful and cost-efficient than the Claude 3 Opus. As per Anthropic's naming convention, the Haiku model is the smallest, the Sonnet model is placed in the middle, and Opus is the flagship-tier AI model. It is expected that the AI firm will also release the 3.5 Haiku and Opus models in the coming months. Coming to the new AI model's performance, the Claude 3.5 Sonnet comes with a 200,000 token context window and costs $3 (roughly Rs. 250) per million input tokens and $15 (roughly Rs. 1,254) per million output tokens. The company claims that the latest model can run twice as fast as the Claude 3 Opus model. It scored 88.7 percent in 5-shot (AI was trained on a small number of labelled examples) on the Massive Multitask Language Understanding (MMLU) benchmark and 92.0 percent in 0-shot on the HumanEval benchmark. Anthropic claimed that the Claude 3.5 Sonnet can independently write, edit, and execute code. It also comes with reasoning and troubleshooting capabilities that enable it to perform complex tasks such as code translation. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Apart from the text and coding-based upgrades, the new AI model also gets improved computer vision. The AI firm claimed that the Claude 3.5 Sonnet can transcribe text from imperfect images, graphics, or illustrations. A new Artifact feature has also been included with the new AI chatbot. It is a sandbox-style preview window that opens when the AI is asked to generate content such as code snippets, text documents, or website designs. Users can see, edit, and build upon Claude's generation. Coming to safety parameters, Anthropic stated that Claude 3.5 Sonnet remains at ASL-2 (AI Safety Level 2) standard. As per the AI firm's Responsible Scaling Policy, ASL-2 refers to systems that show early signs of dangerous capabilities (such as providing instructions to create a bioweapon) but are not considered useful due to lack of reliability and that the information is already available publicly. Beyond the safety rating, Anthropic also claimed that it has engaged with external experts to test and improve safety mechanisms with Claude 3.5 Sonnet. The AI model was also provided to the UK's Artificial Intelligence Safety Institute (UK AISI) for evaluation before it was deployed. YouTube Music Could Get This AI-Powered Search Feature Soon


Apple Will Reportedly Seek Local AI Partners in China to Launch AI Features


Butterflies Social Media App That Lets You Create an AI Character Debuts Currently, Claude 3.5 Sonnet is available for free on Claude.ai and the Claude iOS app. Subscribers of Claude Pro and Claude Team plans can also access with higher rate limits. Apart from that, it is also available via Anthropic API, Amazon Bedrock, and Google Cloud's Vertex AI. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Infinix Note 40 5G With 108-Megapixel Camera, 15W Wireless Charging Debuts in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Infinix Note 40 5G was launched in India on Friday. The smartphone joins the Infinix Note 40 Pro 5G and the Infinix Note Pro+ 4G which were unveiled in the country in April this year. The base Infinix Note 5G comes with a 108-megapixel primary rear camera and a 5,000mAh battery with support for 33W wired and 15W wireless fast charging. It is also equipped with AI-backed Halo lighting which can be customised to indicate different notifications and other settings. Infinix Note 40 5G price in India The Infinix Note 40 5G is priced in India at Rs. 19,999 for the single 8GB + 256GB option. With bank offers, the phone can be bought at a price of Rs. 17,999. Customers can also enjoy an additional Rs. 2,000 exchange offer, bringing the total price down to Rs. 15,999. The handset is available for purchase in the country via Flipkart. Buyers can also avail of a limited-time offer where they can buy the Infinix Note 40 5G and get a free MagPad worth Rs. 1,999. The phone is offered in Obsidian Black and Titan Gold colourways. Infinix Note 40 Pro 5G Series With Dimensity 7020 SoC Launched in India Infinix Note 40 5G specifications, features The Infinix Note 40 5G sports a 6.78-inch full-HD+ (2,436 x 1,080 pixels) flexible AMOLED screen with up to 120Hz refresh rate and 1,300 nits of peak brightness level. The phone is powered by an octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 7020 SoC paired with 8GB of RAM and 256GB of onboard storage. The RAM can be expanded an additional 8GB to up to 16GB. The handset ships with Android 14-based XOS 14. For optics, the Infinix Note 40 5G includes a 108-megapixel main camera with four rear flash units at the back. There's also two other camera units at the back, but Infinix hasn't provided any details regarding them. The front camera holds a 32-megapixel sensor alongside dual flash units. The phone is also equipped with AI-backed Halo lighting which can be customised to indicate notifications, charging status, gaming modes, music rhythm and more. Infinix Note 40 Series Racing Edition With Up to 100W Fast Charging Debuts


Infinix ZeroBook Ultra AI PC Set to Launch in India on This Date The Infinix Note 40 5G is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 33W wired and 15W wireless charging support. The phone also supports Wi-Fi 5, Bluetooth, GPS, OTG and USB Type-C port. The handset also comes with an IP53 rating for dust and splash resistance.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Buds 3's Alleged Retail Listing Shows Off a Transparent Case, AirPods Like Stem Design" ,  Samsung's Galaxy Buds is expected to get a refresh soon. The rumoured Galaxy Buds 3 could be unveiled at Samsung's next Galaxy Unpacked event alongside the foldable smartphones and Galaxy Watch 7 series. Ahead of the official reveal, a retail listing of Galaxy Buds 3 offers our first glimpse of the earbuds and their charging case. The listing suggests a sleek design for the audio device and a transparent lid for the case. The Galaxy Buds 3 have been speculated to resemble Apple's AirPods and the latest leak amplifies this rumour. X user (@TEQHNIKACROSS) spotted the alleged listing of Galaxy Buds 3 on the South Korean e-commerce website Coupang. The listing provides a preview of the sleek and stem design of Samsung's wireless earbuds and their case. This marks a departure from the company's previous design language. The Galaxy Buds 2 Pro and Galaxy Buds FE do not have stems and feature bulb-shaped buds. 갤럭시 버즈3의 제품 이미지가 쿠팡에서 발견되었습니다. pic.twitter.com/aCWUEyigVd— 01\TR_repiV (@TEQHNIKACROSS) June 20, 2024 The Galaxy Buds 3's earbuds are shown in a metallic silver colour with black tips, while the case seems to have a violet finish. The buds sit upright in the case within black holders. The case includes a transparent lid and has a green dot on the outside, this could be to indicate its charging progress. The design of the Galaxy Buds 3's stems and case looks similar to Apple's AirPods, corroborating previous leaks. Also, the charging case appears to have a clip that could allow users to attach the charging case to things. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro Design Leaked via In-App Screenshot Samsung is expected to reveal the Galaxy Buds 3 at its next Unpacked event alongside the Galaxy Buds 3 Pro, Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6, Galaxy Ring, Galaxy Watch 7 series, and Galaxy Watch Ultra. The launch event is rumoured to take place on July 10.  Samsung’s Galaxy Buds 3 New Design Revealed in New Leak  




title = "Lenovo Tab Plus With 11.5-Inch 2K LCD Screen, Eight JBL Speakers Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  Lenovo Tab Plus was unveiled globally on Thursday. The tablet is equipped with eight JBL speakers with Dolby Atmos support and an 11.5-inch 2K LCD screen. It can be used as a Bluetooth speaker, where users can stream music or podcasts through the tablet. The tablet is powered by a MediaTek Helio G99 chipset and runs Android 14 out-of-the-box. It is backed by an 8,600mAh battery with 45W wired fast charging support. The company has not yet confirmed if the Lenovo Tab Plus will see an India launch. Lenovo Tab Plus price The Lenovo Tab Plus is currently available for purchase in select global markets starting at EUR 279 (roughly Rs. 25,000) or $289.99 (roughly Rs. 24,200). The tablet is offered in a single Luna Grey shade and two RAM and storage configurations - 8GB + 128GB and 8GB + 256GB. Lenovo Tab Plus specifications, features The Lenovo Tab Plus sports an 11.5-inch 2K (2,000 x 1,200 pixels) LCD screen with a 90Hz refresh rate and 400nits of brightness. It is powered by a MediaTek Helio G99 chipset paired with 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB of onboard storage. It runs Android 14 out-of-the-box. Lenovo Tab K11 With 7,040mAh Battery Goes Official in India In the camera department, the Lenovo Tab Plus has an 8-megapixel sensor with autofocus at the back and an 8-megapixel sensor with a fixed focus at the front. The tablet is packed with eight JBL speakers with Dolby Atmos support, which helps it function as a Bluetooth speaker at times. Users can stream music from other Bluetooth devices like smartphones through the tablet. It also supports an app which allows volume control with finer audio settings. Lenovo Tab M11 With 7,040mAh Battery Launched in India: See Price


Lenovo Legion Tab With Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 SoC Launched: See Price The Lenovo Tab Plus is backed by an 8,600mAh battery with 45W wired fast charging support. The tablet's connectivity options include Wi-Fi 5, Bluetooth 5.2, and a USB Type-C port. It also carries a 3.5mm audio jack and a microSD card slot.   Is the Xiaomi Pad 6 the best Android tablet you can buy under Rs. 30,000 in India? We discuss the company's latest mid-range tablet on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Launches Over 50 Special Accessories for Galaxy Smartphones, Commemorating Summer Olympics 2024" ,  Samsung launched over 50 special accessories for Galaxy smartphones to commemorate the Summer Olympics 2024, the company announced on Wednesday. The mega event will kick off on July 26 with the opening ceremony and will be held in Paris, France. In anticipation, the South Korean smartphone maker has announced special Paris Olympics-themed accessories including cases, power banks, pouches and more donning the event's logo and colours, across a range of Galaxy smartphones. Samsung launches special accessories In a newsroom post, Samsung Electronics France announced that this move is to commemorate the existing global partnership between Samsung and the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Thus, it introduced a range of accessories sporting the colours of the event. The special accessories involve either of the two design elements: the logo of Paris 2024 or the stylised Art Deco. As per the company, over 50 cases are available across a wide range of smartphones. This includes affordable offerings such as the Samsung Galaxy A15, Galaxy A25, mid-range models like the Galaxy A35 and Galaxy A55 as well as its flagship handsets including the Galaxy S24 series. Samsung also introduced themed cases for its foldable Galaxy Z Flip 5 smartphone. The cases start at EUR 19.90 (roughly Rs. 1,700). Samsung Might Soon Let You Turn Portrait Photos Into Paintings Using AI In addition to cases, Samsung also released other accessories, such as a shoulder strap braided in the colours of the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Users can use this strap to carry their smartphones around their necks. There's also another, broader version of this strap which carries the text “Paris 2024”, priced at EUR 19.90 (roughly Rs. 1,700). As per the company, it also launched a 10,000 mAh power bank decorated with Phryge – the official mascot of the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. It is priced at EUR 49.90 (roughly Rs. 4,400). Samsung also offers a waterproof pouch to safeguard the smartphone against water damage, adding a layer of protection, which costs EUR 19.90 (roughly Rs. 1,700). Samsung Galaxy S25 Might Get Same Main Camera as the Galaxy S24


Samsung Tipped to Launch Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim: Here's When It May Arrive Samsung says some of these accessories are already available for purchase on the official Samsung France Online Store. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo T3 Lite 5G to Launch in India Soon With a Sony AI Camera, Dual 5G Capabilities" ,  Vivo T3 Lite 5G launch in India is set to take place soon, the company has announced. It will be the third smartphone in Vivo's T3 lineup after the launch of the T3 in March closely followed by the debut of the Vivo T3x in April. A microsite hinting towards several details about the handset is also live on Flipkart. It confirms that the Vivo T3 Lite 5G will sport a Sony AI camera system and also hints at its design elements. Vivo T3 Lite 5G launch in India As per the Flipkart microsite, the Vivo T3 Lite 5G will be powered by a “lightning fast processor”. It is claimed to be India's “most affordable” dual 5G smartphone by the company. The smartphone will also have a Sony AI camera. The teaser image suggests that it may be a dual-camera system along with an LED flash. The handset may have a flat design similar to its elder sibling, the Vivo T3 5G, and could get a waterdrop notch – a design element commonly seen in budget offerings. It may be offered in two colour options. The smartphone may also offer dual 5G capabilities, which Vivo has already teased. Samsung’s Future Flip Phones Might Feature a Rollable Display The microsite listing says the chipset details will be revealed on June 24, while the camera specifications will be made official a day later (on June 25). This development comes after the specifications and the price range of the Vivo T3 Lite 5G were leaked earlier this week. Vivo T3 Lite 5G specifications (Expected) According to a report, Vivo T3 Lite 5G will be powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC. This chipset also powers other smartphones in the budget segment such as the Realme Narzo N65 and the Realme C65 5G and may soon power Vivo's upcoming handset. Motorola Razr 50 Ultra May Come in Several Colourways, Leak Suggests


Vivo Y58 5G With 6,000mAh Battery Launched in India at This Price It is reported to sport a 50-megapixel Sony AI camera which will be paired with a secondary sensor. The smartphone may be Vivo's most affordable 5G offering in India and could reportedly be priced under Rs. 12,000. It is tipped to launch in India by the end of June. We should hear more about the phone in the coming days. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Infosys Aster, AI-Powered Marketing Suite for Global Enterprises Launched" ,  Infosys, the multinational IT giant, launched a new marketing suite for enterprises on Tuesday that will offer artificial intelligence (AI) analytics and other tools to maximise sales and improve repeat customers. The suite, dubbed Infosys Aster, is aimed at both business-to-business (B2B) and business-to-consumer (B2C) enterprises. It offers more than 400 assets and an ecosystem of more than 50 partners globally. Infosys Aster is currently available globally. Notably, TCS (Tata Consultancy Services) also launched a generative AI aggregation platform called WisdomNext for businesses, earlier this month. Infosys Aster suite In a press release, the IT giant announced the launch of Infosys Aster, a set of AI-powered marketing services, solutions and platforms that offer ways to improve marketing efficiency and create new brand experiences to drive growth. The suite comes with AI-powered real-time views across customers, brands, and channels to offer actionable insights for businesses. As per the company, the suite offers three main benefits. First, by using technologies such as Unreal Engine 3D, augmented reality, virtual reality, and extended reality as well as digital twin CGI (Computer Generated Imagery) modelling, it claims to help businesses create immersive marketing campaigns. Milestone Systems Launches Experience Centre in India, AI VSaaS System Second, Infosys Aster offers AI-amplified content and creative services, intelligent recommendations from the enterprise's existing marketing tech stack, and marketing insights. The company claims the combination of the three will help its customers in creating cost-effective marketing campaigns faster, improving efficiency. In an example, the IT giant highlights the suite can offer real-time recommendations based on customer behaviour across channels. TCS Launches Generative AI Aggregation Platform WisdomNext for Businesses


Computex 2024: Acer Launches Chromebook Plus Spin, TravelMate Laptop Models Further, the company claims that Infosys Aster uses analytics and customer insights to personalise outreach, drive meaningful conversations, and create high-quality leads. This will be done by integrating the Infosys Aster and the company's marketing tech systems. Infosys will also offer tools to generate predictive insight from customer data that can be used to influence pricing strategies. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Realme Buds Air 6 Pro With Up to 50dB ANC, Up to 40-Hour Battery Life Launched in India" ,  Realme Buds Air 6 Pro truly wireless stereo (TWS) earphones were launched in India on Thursday (June 20) alongside the Realme GT 6 smartphone. The latest addition to the company's TWS audio lineup offer an in-ear design and feature 11mm coaxial dual drivers including a 6mm tweeter. The Realme Buds Air 6 Pro come with active noise cancellation (ANC) to eliminate external noise. They are IP55-certified dust and water-resistant. The Realme Buds Air 6 Pro support LDAC codec. Realme Buds Air 6 Pro price in India, availability The Realme Buds Air 6 Pro are priced at Rs. 4,999. As an introductory offer, Realme is offering the earphones for Rs. 4,199. You can also get an additional bank discount of Rs. 300. They are offered in Silver Blue and Titanium Twilight colourways and will go on sale from June 27 at 12:00pm IST onwards on realme.com and Flipkart. Realme Buds Air 6 Pro specifications, features The Realme Buds Air 6 Pro earphones come with an oval-shaped charging case and offer ANC for reducing external noise by 50dB with six microphones. They offer three types of ANC modes that include Medium, Slight, and Personalised noise cancellation. They pack 11mm coaxial drivers with a 6mm tweeter and a frequency response range of 20Hz to 4000Hz. The 11mm driver has 32 ohms impedance while the 6mm driver has a 9 ohms impedance. Realme claims that new earphones deliver a latency rate of as low as 55 milliseconds. They run on BES 2600YUC chip. Sennheiser Accentum TWS With Up to 28-Hour Total Battery Life Debut in India The earphones also come with a dual-device connection feature that allows users to connect the earphones with two different devices via Bluetooth. They come with Bluetooth 5.3 connectivity with support for AAC, SBC, and LDAC codecs. The Realme Buds Air 6 Pro offer Hi-Res audio streaming with LDAC support. The earbuds have touch controls that let users play music, change tracks, and answer calls with few taps. They are IP55-rated as well. Realme claims that the Buds Air 6 Pro can last up to 40 hours on a single charge with the charging case. Each earbud is equipped with a 60mAh battery while the charging case houses a 460mAh battery. The earbuds are said to deliver up to 11 hours of music playback time on a single charge. The company claims that the earbuds can provide up to eight hours of playback time with 10 minutes of charging.  Realme GT 6 With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, AI Features Launched in India  




title = "Samsung Patent Application Describes a Rollable Display for Clamshell Flip Smartphones" ,  Samsung has submitted a patent application that showcases a rollable display technology that can be used in different form factors to offer a diverse set of interfaces. The new patent comes after the South Korean tech giant was granted patents for tri-fold and rollable display technologies in March. While the application only mentions that the display will be used for “electronic devices”, the illustrated images showcase a clamshell flip phone, highlighting that it could be used for a future Galaxy Z Flip phone. Samsung submits patent application for a flexible display The patent was first spotted by The Nerd Stash in collaboration with tipster David Kowalski from xleaks7. The patent was submitted on June 18 to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) and the applicant's name was mentioned as Samsung Electronics. The patent describes a flexible display with three different housing mechanisms.  Samsung flexible display patent's illustrationPhoto Credit: The Nerd Dash/Samsung  As per the illustrations shared in the patent application, the display can be set up in three different ways, which are called “housings”. The first housing is an unfolded and fully extended view, where the rollable display appears on the front of the device and is extended to offer a larger screen real-estate. Samsung Might Soon Let You Turn Portrait Photos Into Paintings Using AI In the second housing, the extended part, which appears near the top of the frame, can be collapsed to create a more compact candy bar form factor. In the third housing, the display folds in half to appear both on the front and back of the device. As per the illustrations, both sides of the device appear to be functional. The camera modules are placed on the frame of the phone. They appear on the top of the device in both folded and unfolded state. The company also highlighted how all three states can be used to show different apps and interfaces. Samsung stated that the slow influx of flexible displays in the market has created competition for developing devices that can be transformed into various shapes and offer greater portability. The company highlighted that a major advantage of this display technology will be that all three housing states function independently of each other and can be set up in a combination of folding and sliding operations to create various shapes. Each shape will then offer a different interface and experience. Samsung Galaxy S25 Might Get Same Main Camera as the Galaxy S24


Samsung Tipped to Launch Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim: Here's When It May Arrive It should be noted that a patent application is not a confirmation of an under-development device. Samsung may or may not introduce the design to the public in the coming years, even after the patent is granted. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Kenya Halts Worldcoin Investigation, Mandates Legal Registration for Sam Altman" ,  Sam Altman's controversial Worldcoin project is no longer under investigation in Kenya. An official notice issued by the Directorate of Criminal Investigations (DCI) in Kenya has claimed that an array of allegations related to Worldcoin's user data collection were ‘expeditiously and objectively' investigated. The file of this case has now been shut with the police being directed to take no further action against the Web3 project. As per Worldcoin's official page, there are over 5.7 million unique humans on Worldcoin as of Thursday, June 20. Kenya Lacks Reasoning Over Worldcoin's Probe Suspension Kenya's decision comes across as abrupt because the DCI has not exactly given a reason why investigation on Worldcoin is being brought to a halt. The final decision was taken by Renson M. Ingonga, Kenya's Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) who has been serving as the chair since September 2023. India Fines Binance $2.2 Million for Breaching Anti-Money Laundering Laws As per DCI's notice, “the resultant investigation file was forwarded to the Office of the Director of Public Prosecutions for an independent review and advice. Upon review of the file, the Director of Public Prosecutions concurred and directed that the file be closed with no further police action.” Screenshots of DCI's notice are circulating on social media. #Kenya has halted its investigation into #Worldcoin, clearing the firm of alleged wrongdoing and potentially allowing its operations to resume after a suspension in 2023.The Directorate of Criminal Investigations concluded the probe, recommending that Worldcoin comply with… pic.twitter.com/OY6stWdTcR— TOBTC (@_TOBTC) June 20, 2024 Kenya was the first country in the world to have dragged Worldcoin under the investigative scanner last year. The project aims to provide blockchain-based universal proof-of-personhood to humans called ‘World IDs'. By giving this unique identity to humans, Worldcoin aims to eliminate the need for humans to give their personal details to interact with bots and the web. As a mark of human identity, Worldcoin officials were collecting eye scans through an in-house device called the Orb – which raised concerns around user data privacy in many countries. What remains unclear for now is if Kenya has given a green flag to Worldcoin operations by shutting probe over it. This may impact the ongoing investigations into the project in other nations like South Korea, Germany, and Brazil. The project had faced scrutiny in India also last year and had to halt its iris scanning process. Crypto Exchanges in South Korea Said to Re-Examine Over 600 Tokens Kenya releases instructions for WorldCoin Kenyan authorities have decided to officially invite Worlcoin to register legally in the country. Registering with the Registrar of Business registry along with obtaining licences from the Office of the Data Protection Commission (ODPC) and the Communication Authority of Kenya (CAK) have been listed as immediate steps Kenya has instructed the Worldcoin team to take. As per a CoinTelegraph report, Tools for Humanity, the foundation behind the Worldcoin initiative, is glad about this development. “This welcome result is, however, not an end but a beginning. We will continue working with the government of Kenya and others and we hope to resume World ID registration across the country soon,” the report quoted Thomas Scott, chief legal officer at the Tools for Humanity as commenting on the development.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Sennheiser Accentum True Wireless Earphones With ANC, Up to 28-Hour Total Battery Life Launched in India" ,  Sennheiser Accentum True Wireless truly wireless (TWS) earphones have been launched in India. They come with an ergonomic design and offer features like active noise cancellation (ANC), multi-device pairing, and Sennheiser's proprietary sound features. The Sennheiser Accentum True Wireless get 7mm dynamic drivers and offer a dedicated transparency mode for noise reduction. They use Bluetooth LE Audio and are claimed to deliver up to 28 hours of battery life on a single charge. The Sennheiser Accentum True Wireless earphones are compatible with the Sennheiser Smart Control app and support both wired and wireless charging. Sennheiser Accentum True Wireless price in India The Sennheiser Accentum TWS earphones are priced at Rs. 12,990 in India and are available in Black and White shades. They are currently up for purchase in the country via Amazon, Sennheiser's official website and Flipkart. The new earphones come with a two-year warranty. Sennheiser Accentum True Wireless specifications, features Sennheiser Accentum True Wireless have an ergonomic design and the ear tip sets are offered in XS, S, M, and L size options. They feature a 7mm TrueResponse dynamic driver with a frequency response range of 5Hz to 21kHz and a speaker sensitivity of 107dB. The earphones offer a Hybrid Adaptive ANC. Sony ULT Series Speakers, ULT Wear Wireless Headphones Debut in India The TWS earphones are IP54-rated for splash resistance. They offer Bluetooth 5.3 with Bluetooth LE Audio and auracast support. The earphones support SBC, AAC, aptX, and LC3 Bluetooth codes. The earbuds include transparency mode and a built-in equaliser to suit the listening style of wearers. They are compatible with the Sennheiser Smart Control app on both Android and iOS smartphones to deliver a tailored audio experience. Sennheiser has packed each earbud with a 55mAh battery and the charging case with a 400-420mAh cell that support both USB Type-C port wired and Qi wireless charging. The earbuds are claimed to deliver up to eight hours of talk time on a single charge with noise cancellation off. They are said to offer up to five hours of playback time with ANC turned on and up to 28 hours of battery life while combined with the charging case.  Realme Buds Air 6 With Up to 50dB ANC Debut in India: Check Price  




title = "Motorola Razr 50 Ultra Tipped to Come in New Colourways, Support IPX8 Water Resistance" ,  Motorola Razr 50 Ultra is expected to come in new colourways, according to a tipster on social media. The smartphone is set to launch in China, alongside the standard Motorola Razr 50, on June 25, the company confirmed in a Weibo post a few days ago. However, it is expected to make its global debut in July. Ahead of its launch, new colourways of the smartphone have appeared on social media, along with details about its water resistance capabilities. Motorola Razr 50 Ultra new colour options In a post on X (formerly Twitter), tipster @MysteryLupin shared a couple of images showing the smartphone's various colour options. As per the snapshots, it could be offered in as many as six colourways. These include black, blue, beige, green, orange, and Peach Fuzz (Pantone colour of the year). razr 50 pic.twitter.com/YUS2s1drwJ— Arsène Lupin (@MysteryLupin) June 19, 2024 In another social media post, the same tipster shared an alleged official video from the company advertising the phone's various aspects, including its water resistance capabilities. As per the claims, the Motorola Razr 50 Ultra may come with an IPX8 rating, meaning it could survive in water up to a depth of 1.5m for up to 30 minutes. The same video also hints at several other colour options for the smartphone, including pink and purple. However, it is not yet known if all the colourways are of the same variant. The video also advertises the Razr 50 Ultra's camera capabilities, mentioning an AI-powered camera system and a Telephoto Zoom feature. Its design was also teased, with the company allegedly calling it a smartphone with “the largest, most intelligent display”. Motorola Razr 50 Ultra price, specifications (expected) Notably, the Motorola Razr 50 Ultra will launch in the US market as the Razr+ 2024. Its price and specifications were recently leaked online. The smartphone may be priced at EUR 1,199 (roughly Rs. 1.07,300) for the 12GB RAM and 512GB storage configuration. Meanwhile, some key specifications of the handset have also been tipped. It could sport a 6.9-inch OLED display and a 3.6-inch cover display. Under the hood, it may be powered by a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset, paired with 12GB RAM and 256GB in-built storage. Moto G85 Design Spotted in Leaked Renders Alongside These Specifications


Xiaomi 14 Civi vs Motorola Edge 50 Ultra vs OnePlus 12R vs Samsung Galaxy A55


Motorola Razr 50, Razr 50 Ultra, Moto G85 5G Price and Colourways Leaked In terms of optics, it is expected to feature a dual-camera setup at the back comprising a 50-megapixel wide-angle camera and a 50-megapixel 2x telephoto sensor. On the front, it could have a 32-megapixel selfie shooter. The Motorola Razr 50 Ultra may be backed by a 4,000mAh battery with support for fast charging via USB Type-C. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "YouTube Music Could Reportedly Get an AI-Powered ‘Ask for Music’ Feature Soon" ,  YouTube Music might soon get a new artificial intelligence (AI) feature, as per a new report. The music streaming platform from Google recently received the Play, Sing, or Hum to Search feature which used AI algorithms to find the desired results. It may soon get another AI-powered feature to search for songs. The feature, reportedly dubbed ‘Ask for Music', might use a generative AI chatbot enabling users to look for results using conversational language. It is said to be found within the strings of code of a recent version of the Android app. YouTube Music's ‘Ask for Music' feature According to a report by Android Authority, the information relating to the AI feature was spotted in the YouTube Music app for Android version 7.06.53 during a teardown. Several strings of code hinted at a new Ask for Music feature. It was also highlighted to be an experimental AI feature. Ask for Music was reportedly described as both the title of the feature as well as the prompt for the feature. This could mean when the feature is accessed, users will see those words first on the screen. Another string of code reportedly revealed a disclaimer which stated, “AI-generated responses are experimental. Quality and accuracy may vary. Please don't enter confidential or personal information regarding yourself or others.” Additionally, a submit button was also mentioned. Google’s Gemini YouTube Music Extension Can Now Play Your Favourite Songs It is difficult to gauge the functionality of the feature just based on these details. However, the mention of AI-generated responses and the word prompt likely means that it will be a chatbot-like feature where users can run queries about songs, artists, and albums with conversational prompts. The AI bot might share information as well as links to songs and albums. Notably, YouTube Music only has a couple of AI-based features. One of them is the new audio-based search which can be accessed using the waveform icon located on the top-right corner of the screen. Another is the AI-generated playlist cover that can generate images for playlists created by users. This feature, if it arrives, would be the first full-fledged AI feature for the platform. YouTube Introducing a Notes Feature, Bringing More Context to Videos


YouTube Said to Be Testing a New Way to Disrupt Ad Blockers: How It Works However, it should be noted that apps are often released with code about features which are months away in the roadmap or even have been scrapped entirely. Sometimes developers miss removing the code from the app, and they show up in teardowns. As such, it is too early to say whether Ask for Music will be turned into a feature or not. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Binance Fined $2.25 Million in India for Breaching Anti-Money Laundering Regulations, Exchange Vouches Cooperation" ,  India's Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) has imposed a fine of $2.25 million (roughly Rs. 18.8 crore) on Binance. The financial watchdog announced the development on Thursday, June 20. India has claimed that the crypto exchange, touted as the largest in the world, was not adhering to the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002 (PMLA), which is mandated for crypto firms to comply with in order to keep their operations running in the country. India's FIU explains fine on Binance As per the official statement shared by the exchange, India had issued a notice questioning Binance on its service being provided to Indian citizens without complying with the PMLA laws. Giottus Exchange Lists 43 New Cryptocurrencies in India: All Details “Notice dated December 28, 2023, was issued to Binance pursuant to Section 13 of the Act, compelling Binance to demonstrate why appropriate action should not be undertaken against it for its dereliction of duties under the Act, despite its status as a reporting entity owing to its operations as a Virtual Digital Asset Service Provider,” FIU's statement said. Binance was supposedly given both written and verbal communication about FIU's concerns. The FIU has said that the charges regarding Binance having violated India's legal requirements to operate its business here stand substantiated. “Consequently, the Director FIU-IND vide order dated 19th June, 2024 in exercise of powers under Section 13 PMLA, imposed a total penalty of Rs. 18,82,00,000 (Rupees Eighteen Crore Eighty Two Lakh Only),” the financial authority noted. Crypto Tax Evaders in Malaysia See Clampdown, Get Warning The US-based exchange has been directed to ensure that it is diligently complying with India's PMLA act as soon as possible. Binance Reacts In a statement shared with Gadgets360, a Binance spokesperson said that the exchange is presently reviewing the order it has received from the FIU-IND. "We wish to work with the FIU as a reporting entity and we are enthusiastic about reentering the Indian market to contribute positively, should we be able to do so in the near future. We remain dedicated to ensuring compliance with regulatory authorities," the company spokesperson said. India's crypto circle reacts Talking to Gadgets360, the members of India's crypto circle have asked other Web3 players in the nation to see this fining of Binance as a lesson of the consequences that firms could come face-to-face with for not complying with the laws. “This significant penalty is a clear indication of the increasing scrutiny and regulation in the digital asset space. It's essential to stay informed and aware of such developments to navigate this evolving landscape successfully,” Shivam Thakral, CEO of BuyUcoin told Gadgets360. “I believe that the regulations are getting more organised for crypto currency exchanges, globally. The need for compliance is critical for user protection and to conduct business in a fearless environment.” India's crypto stakeholders realise that the nation has potential to become a leader in the Web3 space because of its big developer pool. Hence, they believe that complying with legal requirements is important to make the crypto sector, otherwise infamous for being risky and volatile, safer for the investor community to engage with. “According to a research report, India is one of the top countries in terms of digital assets ownership. In such a large digital asset market, it is imperative to implement a regulatory framework for the protection of user funds and for providing a friendly environment for businesses,” Manhar Garegrat, Country Head India and Global Partnerships, Liminal Custody told Gadgets360. Binance claimed that it registered with the FIU in India last month. The exchange did not want to lose the opportunity to amass India's crypto community onto its platform. The crypto exchange has previously had run-ins with the American and Nigerian authorities over alleged non-compliance of their respective rules overseeing the crypto sector.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo Y58 5G With 6,000mAh Battery, Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Vivo Y58 5G was launched in India on Thursday (June 20) as the latest entrant in the company's Y series. The new 5G phone comes in two colour options and features 50-megapixel dual rear cameras. The Vivo Y58 5G runs on Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC paired with 8GB of RAM and 128GB onboard storage. It houses a 6,000mAh battery with 44W fast charging support and has an IP64 rated built for dust and water resistance. Vivo Y58 5G price, availability Price of Vivo Y58 5G is set at Rs. 19,499 for the sole 8GB RAM + 128GB storage version. It is offered in Himalayan Blue and Sundarbans Green colour options. It is currently up for sale through Flipkart, Vivo India e-Store, and all major retail stores. Customers purchasing the Vivo Y58 5G using SBI Card, Yes Bank, Bank of Baroda, IDFC and IndusInd bank cards can avail of an instant cashback of Rs. 1,500. Vivo X Fold 3 Pro Debuts as Vivo's First Foldable in India: See Price Vivo Y58 5G specifications The dual-SIM (Nano) Vivo Y58 5G runs on Funtouch OS 14 based on Android 14 and features a 6.72-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,408 pixels) LCD screen with 120Hz refresh rate, 393ppi pixel density, and 1024 nits peak brightness. The 2.5D screen has TUV Rheinland Low Blue Light Eye Care certification. It runs on 4nm Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC with 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM and 128GB of UFS 2.2 storage. The inbuilt memory can be expanded up to 1TB via a microSD card. For optics, the Vivo Y58 5G has a dual rear camera setup comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor with f/1.8 aperture and a 2-megapixel secondary shooter with f/2.4 aperture alongside dual flash. It carries an 8-megapixel front camera for selfies and video calls. Connectivity options on the phone include GPS, BeiDou, GLONASS, Galileo and QZSS. Sensors onboard include an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, motor, proximity sensor, e-compass, IR control and gyroscope. The Vivo Y58 5G features an in-display fingerprint sensor and is IP64-rated for dust and water resistance. It includes dual stereo speakers. This Could Be the First Phone Powered by MediaTek Dimensity 9400 SoC The Vivo Y58 5G features a 6,000mAh battery with 44W fast charging. The battery is claimed to provide up to 73 hours of music playback time and 23 hours of YouTube video playback time on a single charge. A five-minute charging is said to allow users to talk for up to 2.8 hours on the handset. Vivo is promising four years of battery health for the new phone. It measures 1657x76x7.99mm and weighs 199 grams.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple’s Source Code for Internal Tools Allegedly Stolen, Leaked by Threat Actor in Data Breach" ,  Apple has allegedly been targeted in a data breach that resulted in a hacker stealing the source code of its internal tools. A threat actor group that goes by the name 'IntelBroker' has assumed responsibility for the theft of the source code for three internal tools commonly used by the tech giant. IntelBroker has reportedly released the data from the breach on a dark web forum, weeks after the hacker group also claimed to have breached AMD's website. Threat Actors Steal Source Code of Apple's Three Internal Tools According to a post on X (formerly known as Twitter) by Dark Web Informer, IntelBroker breached and stole the source code of three internal tools used by Apple employees — AppleConnect-SSO, Apple-HWE-Confluence-Advanced, and AppleMacroPlugin.  A screenshot of the hacker's post on the dark web forum (tap to expand)Photo Credit: X/ @DarkWebInformer  While there's no information about two of these three tools, a 9to5Mac report reveals that AppleConnect-SSO is an authentication system used by Apple employees. It allows staffers access to specific apps within Apple's network and is designed to be integrated with the company's Directory Services database. Apple Will Reportedly Seek Local AI Partners in China to Launch AI Features According to the publication, Apple employees reportedly used the system to securely access the company's internal resources. The tool is also reported to be integrated within the Concierge app, which is used by employees in Apple Stores. The dark web tracker shared a screenshot from the dark web forum BreachForums, where in a post, the hacker group said, “I'm releasing the internal source code to three of Apple's commonly used tools for their internal site, thanks for reading and enjoy.” IntelBroker did not share any other details about the breach. It is also unclear whether the source code is being offered for free or if it is being sold. by the group. Notably, dark web posters often claim to have hacked into major tech companies' databases in an attempt to sell fraudulent data and make a quick buck. It is difficult to say whether the Apple hack is one of those cases, or if the company really suffered a cyberattack. Gadgets 360 was not able to verify these claims. We've reached out to Apple for comment on the story, and will update this article when we receive a response. How to Hide App and Widget Names on Your Home Screen on iOS 18


iOS 18 May Bring AI Performance Boost to iPhone, Geekbench Score Suggests Separately, a BleepingComputer report reveals that the same threat actor also claimed to have stolen AMD's employee information, financial documents, and confidential information after hacking into the company's website. AMD has now told the publication that it is investigating the claim. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Boult CruiseCam X1 Series Dashcam With GPS Capabilities Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Boult CruiseCam X1 series dashcam was launched in India in two variants on Tuesday (June 20). The devices boast features such as a 1080p camera, GPS logging capabilities, and a 360-degree rotatable design. The launch of the CruiseCam X1 series marks Boult's first foray into the automotive sector just a month after it launched its first-ever home audio product. The company claims its new dashcam can “revolutionise the way drivers monitor and record their journeys”. Boult CruiseCam X1 series price in India Boult CruiseCam X1 series is available in two variants: CruiseCam X1 and X1 GPS. The CruiseCam X1 price in India starts at Rs. 2,999, while the CruiseCam X1 GPS is priced at Rs. 3,999. The dashcam is available for purchase starting today on Amazon, Flipkart, and the official Boult website. Boult CruiseCam X1 series specifications The Boult CruiseCam X1 series features a 2-megapixel camera that supports 1080p full-HD video resolution. It also features a 170-degree ultra wide-angle lens that claims to reduce the blind spots by covering more of the road. The X1 GPS dashcam variant is equipped with a GPS logging feature, enabling the driver to track the vehicle's speed and location. Qubo Dashcam Pro 4K Review: Must-Have Car Accessory? Furthermore, users can connect the dashcam to their smartphones with in-built Wi-Fi functionality. It can be paired with the dedicated Boult Cruise app which is available on both Google Play Store and App Store. It allows the tracking of journeys, quick access to recordings, and comes with an organised gallery for browsing the recorded media and live-streaming from within the vehicle, in addition to Wi-Fi direct capabilities. Tesla Shareholder Sues Elon Musk for Alleged $7.5 Billion Insider Trading


Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra Leaked in Renders: See Design Boult says its CruiseCam X1 series has a 360-degree rotational design which enables the driver to adjust the camera angle as per their preference. It also has a collision detection feature courtesy of an in-built G-sensor that automatically detects collisions and triggers emergency video recording. The dashcam has an aluminium chassis for durability. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Tensor G5 Chip Will Reportedly Be Built on TSMC’s 3nm Technology for Improved Efficiency" ,  Google's future Pixel smartphone models could offer increased efficiency compared to the company's existing handsets, according to a report. After using Samsung-made Tensor G3 chips for years, recent reports suggest that Google has plans to switching from Samsung to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) for future processor requirements. While news about the switch was reported several times, the upcoming Pixel 9 series is expected to feature a Samsung-made Tensor G4 SoC, which reportedly uses a different packing method to offer notable improvements over last year's Tensor G3 chip. A new report indicates that next year's Tensor G5 processor may utilise the 3nm process made available by TSMC. A Business Korea report states that Samsung's foundry has been struggling with yield and power efficiency issues with its 3nm technology for a while, concluding that the firm will end up losing customers to TSMC's 3nm process. These customers would include big names like Nvidia, Intel, Qualcomm, Google and more. Citing an industry source, the report claims that Google will opt for TSMC's 3nm technology. The detailed report adds that Samsung will continue to deliver processors for Google till the fourth generation of Tensor processors, but will switch to TSMC for the fifth generation which could be called the Tensor G5, provided Google continues with the same moniker for its processor. Google Pixel 8a Review Google also seems to be seeking to upgrade its processor's efficiency and will reportedly go with TSMC's 3nm technology for its Tensor G5 processor. This could finally bring its processor and phones on par with Apple's iPhone that currently utilises an industry-leading 3nm process. Samsung was the first in the industry to go with the first-generation 3nm node back in 2022, but is still struggling to deliver the level of power efficiency and heat management that's needed. TSMC's process offers better power efficiency compared to Samsung's and so has turned out to be the option of choice for most manufacturers going forward. The process node has proved useful for heat management which has notable implications not just with smartphones but for servers as well. The addition of AI features is said to further add to the overall load, making matters related to heat and efficiency more critical. Google Pixel 8 Review: Rounding Off Things


Google Pixel 8 Pro Review: New Pixel, Old Problems Meanwhile, TF International Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, recently claimed that Samsung is unlikely to go with its Exynos processor for its Galaxy S25 series. If this happens, it would mean Samsung switching back to Qualcomm for processors in its flagship series of Galaxy smartphones, after switching to its own Exynos SoCs for the Galaxy S24 and Galaxy S24+ in select markets (including India) this year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Are the Pixel 7 and 7 Pro the best in their segment? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 6 With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, 120W Charging Support Launched in India" ,  Realme GT 6 was launched in India and global markets on Thursday. Latest GT series smartphone runs on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC and brings notable AI-based features similar to smartphones from Samsung and Google. The Realme GT 6 is the company's first smartphone to include generative AI (GenAI) features out-of-the-box. It has an AMOLED display with full-HD+ resolution and flaunts a triple camera setup at the rear, headlined by a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-808 primary sensor. It is armed by a 5,500mAh battery with 120W SuperVOOC charging support. Realme GT 6 price, availability The Realme GT 6 is priced at Rs. 40,999 for the base 8GB + 256GB version. The 12GB + 256GB model is priced at Rs. 42,999 and the top-end variant with 16GB + 512GB is priced at Rs. 44,999. It is offered in Fluid Sliver and Razor Green shades. The newly launched Realme GT 6 will be up for pre-booking through the company website and Flipkart from June 20 2:30pm to June 24 11:59pm. Customers pre-ordering the phone can avail of six months screen damage protection and up to Rs. 4,000 instant bank offer. Realme is offering up to Rs. 1,000 as an additional discount on exchange. Additionally, there are no-cost EMI options for up to 12 months. Realme GT Neo 6 Debuts With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC : See Price Realme GT 6 specifications The dual SIM (Nano) Realme GT 6 runs on Android 14-based Realme UI 5 and features a 6.78-inch full-HD+ (1,264x2,780 pixels) 8T LTPO AMOLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate, HDR 10+ support and Dolby Vision support. The display is claimed to deliver up to 6,000 nits brightness and 360Hz touch sampling rate. The new phone is powered by a 4nm octa-core Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, coupled with up to 16GB of RAM and up to 512B of storage. It has a 10,014mm square 3D tempered dual VC system for enhancing cooling efficiency.  Realme GT 6 Razor GreenPhoto Credit: Realme  For optics, the Realme GT 6 has a triple rear camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-808 sensor with an f/1.69 aperture and OIS support. The camera setup also includes a 50-megapixel Samsung JN5 telephoto sensor, and an 8-megapixel Sony IMX355 ultra wide-angle camera. For selfies and video chats, there is a 32-megapixel camera with f/2.45 aperture on the front. Realme Confirms It Is Working on 300W Fast-Charging Technology The camera setup supports 4K video capturing at 30fps with Dolby Vision support. It offers a dedicated AI Night Vision Mode. The handset packs several other AI-based features like AI Smart Removal and AI Smart Loop. The former will help remove unwanted objects from photos by circling them. The Smart Loop provides app suggestions based on current tasks. Connectivity options on the Realme GT 6 include Bluetooth 5.4, GPS, NFC and Wi-Fi 6. It comes with an X-axis linear motor and has Hi-Res certification. The GT 6 is also equipped with dual microphones. It features in-display fingerprint sensor to unlock the smartphone. The Realme GT 6 houses a 5,500mAh battery with support for 120W charging support. This fast charging technology is claimed to charge the battery from zero to 50 percent in ten minutes. It is said to charge the handset from zero to 100 percent in 28 minutes. The battery is touted to deliver up to 46 hours of talk time and eight hours of PUBG gameplay on a single charge. It is claimed to retain over 80 percent capacity after 1,600 full charge cycles. The handset measures 162x75.1x8.65mm and weighs 199 grams. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Lenovo Yoga Pro 7i With Intel Core Ultra 7 Processor Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Lenovo Yoga Pro 7i was launched in India on Thursday. The laptop boasts specifications such as up to an Intel Core Ultra 7 Processor and Nvidia GeForce RTX 4050 GPU. The company launched the laptop globally in March, aimed at multi-tasking content creators, and the model has now been introduced in India. The Yoga Pro 7i features a 14.5-inch OLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate and delivers artificial intelligence (AI) features that can be invoked via a dedicated Copilot key. Lenovo Yoga Pro 7i Price in India Lenovo Yoga Pro 7i price in India starts at Rs. 1,49,999. It is available for purchase via the official Lenovo website. The laptop comes bundled with Microsoft Office Home and Student 2021 Edition. Lenovo Yoga Pro 7i Specifications The laptop sports a 14.5-inch OLED screen with 120Hz refresh rate and 2.8K resolution. The screen supports Dolby Vision content and is VESA DisplayHDR True Black 500 certified for improved HDR colour reproduction. It has an aluminium chassis and a backlit keyboard. Lenovo Legion Go Handheld Console to Launch in India on This Day Under the hood, the laptop is powered the Intel Core Ultra 7 155H processor. The chipset is paired with 16GB LPDDR5x dual-channel RAM which is soldered onto the motherboard, and 1TB PCIe Gen 4 NVMe SSD storage. For graphics, the Yoga Pro 7i boasts of Nvidia GeForce RTX 4050 GPU with 6GB DDR6 VRAM. It runs on Windows 11 Home. For multimedia consumption, there's a quad-speaker setup onboard with support for Dolby Atmos and an HD Audio chip. It also gets a quad-mic array as well as a full-HD 1080p IR camera with a depth sensor and Windows Hello support, along with an E-shutter. Infinix ZeroBook Ultra AI PC Set to Launch in India on This Date


Gigabyte Aorus 16X, Gigabyte G6X AI-Backed Gaming Laptops Debut in India The Lenovo Yoga Pro 7i offers Bluetooth 5.3 and Wi-Fi 6E connectivity and is equipped with a USB Type-A Gen 3.1 port, a USB Type-C Gen 3.2 port, a USB Type-C Thunderbolt 4 port, an HDMI 2.1 port, and a 3.5mm headphone jack.  It measures 325.5x226.49x16.6mm and weighs 1.59kg. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Ace 3 Pro Price, Memory and Storage Configurations Tipped; Might Include Collector’s Edition Model" ,  OnePlus Ace 3 Pro details have been leaked over the past few months, and the handset is expected to launch in China soon. While a launch date is yet to be announced. the smartphone's price, memory and storage options have been leaked online. The successor to the OnePlus Ace 2 Pro is said to pack up to 24GB of RAM and up to 1TB of inbuilt storage. OnePlus is also rumoured to bring a special Collector's Edition of the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro in a different shade. A Chinese tipster on Weibo claims that OnePlus Ace 3 Pro will be launched in 12GB + 256GB and 16GB + 512GB RAM and storage configurations, while the handset could also be launched in a top-of-the-line 24GB + 1TB variant. OnePlus is also tipped to unveil a Collector's Edition of the Ace 3 Pro with a ceramic white finish. This special edition is said to be offered in 16GB + 512GB and 24GB + 1TB RAM and storage options. OnePlus to Announce New Glacier Battery Technology on June 20 OnePlus Ace 3 Pro price (Rumoured) The price of regular OnePlus Ace 3 Pro could start at CNY 2,999 (roughly Rs. 34,000), while the purported OnePlus Ace 3 Pro Collector's Edition could cost CNY 4,000 (roughly Rs. 46,000) The standard OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is expected to be offered in green and black shades. The former could have a vegan leather finish, while the black colour variant could feature a matte glass rear panel. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro specifications (Rumoured) Based on recent rumours, the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro will feature a 6.78-inch 8T LTPO display with 1.5K resolution. It could run on Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC and is likely to be equipped with a 6,100mAh battery and 100W fast charging support. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G to Launch in India on June 24; Design Revealed The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is tipped to pack a triple rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor, an 8-megapixel unit, and a 2-megapixel sensor. It is expected to get a 16-megapixel selfie camera. It is anticipated to launch in the third quarter of this year.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Reportedly Exploring Local AI Partners in China as Apple Intelligence Could Face Regulatory Hurdles" ,  Apple unveiled a multitude of new artificial intelligence (AI) features for its iPhone, iPad, and Mac devices at the recently held Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024. These AI features will be powered by the Cupertino-based tech giant's in-house AI model dubbed Apple Intelligence and OpenAI's chatbot ChatGPT. However, a report highlights that neither of these AI models might get the Chinese government's nod and the company will have to look for local AI providers if it wants to introduce these features in the region. Apple exploring local AI partners in China According to a report by The Wall Street Journal, Apple has already begun holding discussions to find a suitable local AI partner in China to power its generative AI features. Citing unnamed people familiar with the matter, the report claimed that the tech giant is currently in talks with China's major search engine company Baidu, e-commerce giant Alibaba Group, and Being-based startup Baichuan AI. The decision to opt for a local AI partner was reportedly made to avoid regulatory conflicts with the Chinese government. All AI models operating in the country are required to first seek approval from the government. This rule applies to any large language model that is trained on databases of text, images, and videos. The vetting process is said to filter out any potential chatbots that can influence public opinion. How to Hide App and Widget Names on Your Home Screen on iOS 18 The report reveals that 117 different generative AI products have been approved by the Chinese watchdogs till March 2024, however, none of them were developed outside of China. As such, the chances of Apple Intelligence making it through the approval process are considered to be slim. A case in point is Samsung, which introduced Galaxy AI, its suite of AI features for smartphones, with the Samsung Galaxy S24 series. Some of the notable features include Google's Circle to Search, Live Translate, Generative Edit for photos, AI Interpreter, and more. However, while in the rest of the world, these AI features are powered by Samsung's in-house AI model and Google's Gemini AI, neither are available in China. According to the publication, Samsung partnered with Baidu to power features such as Circle to Search, text summarisation, and other text-based features. It also partnered with image editing platform Meitu for the AI photo editing features. iOS 18 May Bring AI Performance Boost to iPhone, Geekbench Score Suggests


Apple Vision Pro 2’s Development May Be in Jeopardy Due to Sales Slump Apple is already considered to be a late entrant in the AI race. As the company now scrambles to pick an AI partner in China to ensure a timely release of the features as the rest of the world, it also has to compete with the likes of Oppo and Huawei who have already begun shipping AI features to its users. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Android 15 Beta 3 Introduces Adaptive Timeout on Google Pixel Smartphones: Report" ,  Android 15 Beta 3 update was released by Google on Tuesday and it brought several new features to Android smartphones, with some being exclusive to Pixel handsets. According to a report, it introduces a new “Adaptive Timeout” feature on Pixel smartphones, enabling the device to lock itself automatically if it isn't in use for a specified period. Alongside this feature, the latest Android 15 beta update also brings several other quality-of-life additions, such as a redesigned wallpaper editor and Android safe browsing. Adaptive Timeout on Android 15 According to a 9to5Google report, the Android 15 Beta update adds an Adaptive timeout option in the display settings next to the screen timeout option. It is claimed to automatically turn off the screen if the device is not in use. it is currently unclear whether this feature will be exclusive to Pixel smartphones. While details about its workings remain unclear, the report speculates the adaptive timeout feature may utilise the front camera and proximity sensor to determine if the Pixel smartphone is in use. Depending on the case, the smartphone may remain unlocked or locked. Android 15 Beta 3 With Improved Passkey Support Released: How to Download The report suggests this feature in Android 15 is not working right now. Even if users toggle the adaptive timeout setting, the handset is said to ignore it, preferring the screen timeout setting. Android 15 introduces improved passkey support The Android 15 Beta 3 release reportedly to introduce improved support for passkeys, allowing users to log into various apps with just a single tap. According to Google's latest blog post, the login process will be simplified with a card presented to users, notifying them of the option of logging into apps with fingerprint or facial recognition. Android 15 Beta 3 compatible devices Google has released the Android 15 Beta 3 update for Pixel smartphones. Pixel 6 and later models, up to the latest Pixel 8 series, including Pixel 8a, are eligible for the update. Additionally, it can be installed on other Pixel devices in Google's ecosystem, such as the Pixel Fold and Pixel Tablet. Pixel Tablet Could Gain this Circle to Search Shortcut on Android 15


Android 15 Beta 3 With Improved Passkey Support Released: How to Download Google says the third iteration of its upcoming operating system (OS) for Android devices has reached “'platform stability”, enabling developers to integrate their applications with Android 15's new features. The update is expected to be rolled out later this year, starting with Pixel smartphones. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Butterflies Social Media Platform That Lets AI Characters Post, Interact With Each Other Launched" ,  Butterflies, a social media platform that allows people to create artificial intelligence (AI) characters and let them interact freely with other characters and users, was launched earlier this week. After being in a private beta test for several months, the app is currently available to all users globally on iOS and Android. The platform was created by former Snap engineering manager Vu Tran and the Butterflies app is free to install and use, and there are no in-app purchases at the moment. Butterflies app features The app bears a slight resemblance to Instagram, the Meta-owned photo and video sharing platform. There is a home tab that shows a user's feed, a search tab that doubles as a recommendation screen, an option to create new AI characters, a DM tab, and a profile tab.  They are placed at the bottom of the screen.  Butterflies app overview  When creating an account for the first time, users are prompted to create a ‘Butterfly', which is the in-app term used for AI characters. The creation process is fairly simple and is guided by the app. It can be created in five minutes or can take as long as half an hour based on how complex and specific one wants the character to be. Users need to pick an art style that ranges from realistic to a drawing, write a description prompt, name the character, choose a few personality traits and describe their likes, write a character background, and choose a profile picture. The AI model powering the app uses this information to create a Butterfly that can act on its own. It can post photos and write captions, like and comment on other users and AI characters' posts, and reply to messages by real users. Users also coexist alongside AI characters. While one can choose to create Butterflies and observe them, the app also allows one to manually create posts and comment on other users' posts. At present, there is no limit placed on the number of AI characters a user can generate. The platform does let users distinguish between real users and AI characters in several ways. Every AI character has a ‘created by' tag on their profile. Real users also have a Butterflies tab where the characters created by them are shown. AI characters cannot create other AI characters, according to the platform. Butterflies is not the first platform to experiment with AI characters or place them in a social media setting. Character.AI is a popular site which hosts a large number of AI characters that can chat with users in a specific style. Samsung Might Soon Let You Turn Portrait Photos Into Paintings Using AI


iOS 18 May Bring AI Performance Boost to iPhone, Geekbench Score Suggests


Nvidia Eclipses Microsoft as World's Most Valuable Company Recently, Meta has also been experimenting with AI characters on the Messenger app. These characters are based on the persona of celebrities and famous influencers and allow users to interact with them via messages. However, this is likely the first time such an expansive community of AI chatbots and humans has been created in a digital social setting. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Bitcoin Price Drops as Exchange Reserves Hit Three-Year Low; Ether Value Rises Alongside Some Altcoins" ,  Bitcoin price fell by 1.22 percent over the last 24 hours, while the values of several other cryptocurrencies also took a hit on Thursday. As a result, the price of Bitcoin has dropped to $65,255 (roughly Rs. 54.4 lakh) on international exchanges and to $70,540 (roughly Rs. 58.8 lakh) on national exchanges. Market analysts believe that if the price of BTC continues to fall in the same manner, it could eventually plummet to as low as $60,000 (roughly Rs. 50 lakh). “BTC consolidated in a very narrow range yesterday with altcoins showing some strength after days of choppy markets. This comes as Bitcoin exchange reserves reach a three year low, which means there could be a supply shock on the cards with the unprecedented demand of Bitcoin ETFs,” the CoinSwitch markets desk told Gadgets360 on Thursday. Ether, on the other hand, performed rather well as its value grew by 1.35 percent over the past day. With this, the price of ETH is now $3,576 (roughly Rs. 2.98 lakh) on foreign exchanges. As per Gadgets360's crypto price tracker, ETH price in India is currently set at $3,130 (roughly Rs. 2.60 lakh). Iran to Launch its Digital Rial CBDC into Public Pilot Phase Prices of most altcoins drop Popular altcoins also saw their prices drop on Thursday, just like Bitcoin. These include Binance Coin, Solana, Ripple, Dogecoin, and Cardano. Shiba Inu, Avalanche, Polkadot, and Leo also registered losses on Thursday. The overall crypto market cap dipped by 0.17 percent in the last 24 hours. The total crypto market valuation, at the time of writing, stood at $2.38 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,98,55,804 crore), shows CoinMarketCap. Crypto Tax Evaders in Malaysia See Clampdown, Get Warning Relatively unknown cryptocurrencies that manged to perform better than their popular counterparts on Thursday include Tron, Chainlink, Uniswap, Polygon, Near Protocol, Litecoin, and Stellar registered profits. Cosmos, Cronos, Neo Coin, and EOS Coin also saw a small increase in value. “Ethereum-based tokens, including Ethereum Name Service (ENS) and Lido DAO (LDO), are also gaining strength, suggesting the potential for a significant upswing in the near future,” said WazirX Vice President Rajagopal Menon in a statement to Gadgets 360.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Moto G85 Design Renders Leak Alongside Purported Specifications; Tipped to Feature Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC" ,  Moto G85 is expected to debut soon as a successor to last year's Moto G84. We've already spotted the Moto G series phone in the Geekbench database the previous month and now an Indian tipster has revealed the complete specifications and renders of the phone. The Moto G85 is tipped to feature a curved OLED display and 50-megapixel dual rear cameras. It could run on Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC alongside up to 12GB RAM. Moto G85 design (Rumoured) Tipster Sudhanshu Ambhore (@Sudhanshu1414) leaked the specifications and design renders of the Moto G85 in a post on X (formerly Twitter). The renders show the phone in blue, black and green shades with a curved display. The screen has a centrally located hole punch cutout for selfies. Further, the phone appears to have a square-shaped dual rear camera. Moto G85 Full Specs and Renders:- 6.67, 3D Curved OLED, 1080x2400, 120Hz, 395ppi- Snapdragon 6s Gen 3- 50MP Main, Sony IMX882, f/1.79, Pixel Quad 1,6μm, PDAF, OIS- 8MP Ultrawide, f/2.2, 118.6°, 1/4.0″, 1.12µm, AF- 32MP Selfie, f/2.45, 0.7µm(1/7) pic.twitter.com/V7YNvT7EE8— Sudhanshu Ambhore (@Sudhanshu1414) June 19, 2024 Moto G85 specifications (Rumoured) The tipster has claimed that the Moto G85 will run on Android 14 and sport a 6.67-inch (1,080x2,400 pixels) 3D curved OLED display with 120Hz refresh rate and 395ppi pixel density. It could be equipped with a Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC, paired with up to 12GB RAM and 256GB of onboard storage. The Moto G85 is said to feature a dual rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel primary Sony IMX882 sensor with f/1.79 aperture and support for optical image stabilisation. The camera unit also includes an 8-megapixel ultrawide sensor with f/2.2 aperture. It could also sport a 32-megapixel front camera. The cameras are said to capture videos at up to 1080p/ 60fps resolution. Motorola Razr 50 Series Launch Date Confirmed; Here's When It Will Arrive Connectivity options on the Moto G85 are said to include Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.1, GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS, and a USB 2.0 port. The phone also has a side-mounted fingerprint sensor for biometric authentication. It is likely to feature two microphones and stereo speakers with Dolby Audio and Dolby Atmos. It is tipped to arrive with an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, e-compass and gyroscope. According to the tipster, the Moto G85 will pack a 5,000mAh battery with 30W charging support with QC 3+ and PD 3.0 standards. It is claimed to measure 161.91x73.06x7.59mm and weigh 171g. 




title = "iOS 18 Lets Users Hide App, Widget Names From the iPhone Home Screen: How it Works" ,  iOS 18 — Apple's upcoming iPhone's operating system update — is set to bring several new features and improvements to the operating system. One of the features that Apple showcased during the keynote at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC 2024) earlier this month, is the ability to not only hide apps but also app and widget names from the iPhone's home screen. This feature, along with a redesigned Control Centre and the ability to place icons anywhere, are expected to deliver more customisation options once the update rolls out to users later this year. How to hide app names on iOS 18 With iOS 18 Developer Beta 1, users can finally hide app, folder and widget names from the home screen, according to Apple. While several Android phones allow users to do the same thing, iPhone owners will also be able to set up their home screens to only display app icons. Tap and hold on an empty area on the Home Screen of your iPhone. Select Edit in the top-left corner of the screen. Tap on Customise and then select Large. icon size option. Increasing the size of the icons will automatically hide app names from the iPhone's home screen.  Hidden App Names on Home Screen At the moment, there doesn't appear to be any way for users to hide app, folder and widget names while keeping the icon size small. Other customisation options on iOS 18 iOS 18 also brings several other customisation options, including a revamped Control Center, which features a new controls gallery with new options to choose from. Users can also swipe across pages to access additional controls and toggles. The update also brings Dark Mode to icons on the home screen. Apple says users can now choose from different icon styles: Automatic, Dark, Light, and Tinted. They can also place icons anywhere on the home screen, instead of the icons automatically shifting to the preset grid. iOS 18 May Bring AI Performance Boost to iPhone, Geekbench Score Suggests


Apple Vision Pro 2’s Development May Be in Jeopardy Due to Sales Slump


Apple Introduces a Quicker Way to Shut Down Your iPhone With iOS 18 Other customisation options in iOS 18 include the ability to pick custom lock screen shortcuts. As per Apple, users can now select options from the aforementioned controls gallery to replace the existing camera and flashlight quick toggles on the iPhone's lock screen. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Smartphones Tipped to Gain AI-Powered Painting Feature With One UI 6.1.1 Update" ,  Samsung Galaxy smartphones are expected to receive the company's One UI 6.1.1 update soon, and it will arrive with several artificial intelligence (AI) features, according to a post by a tipster on X (formerly Twitter). The update is tipped to build upon the features introduced with Galaxy AI – the company's suite of AI powered tools that was unveiled earlier this year. As part of the upcoming update, Samsung could introduce a new AI-powered feature that can turn captured portrait photos into paintings of different styles. Samsung One UI 6.1.1 update features leaked In a post on X, the tipster known as Ice Universe (@UniverseIce) shared details about Samsung's upcoming update. One of the key highlights of the update is expected to be a new AI-powered sketches feature. As per the claims, users can use AI to turn portrait photos they have captured into paintings. In One UI 6.1.1, you can use AI to paint the portrait photos you take into various styles.— ICE UNIVERSE (@UniverseIce) June 20, 2024 The One UI 6.1.1 update is also expected to bring a new graffiti generation feature to Samsung Galaxy smartphones. While the tipster did not reveal any details about its functionality, it is said to utilise the S-Pen and image-generation capabilities of the handsets, meaning it could translate into a text-to-image generation feature. It may be powered by Samsung Gauss Image – the company's generative AI model with image generation capabilities. Along with the AI updates, Samsung is also tipped to bring several quality-of-life improvements to Galaxy smartphones. The tipster claims it may bring improved animation, while also increasing the scale of the wallpaper animation. This is expected to make the handset experience “more vivid”. One UI 6.1.1 compatibility As per the tipster, only Samsung Galaxy foldables and tablets are expected to get the One UI 6.1.1 update. This may include the upcoming Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Z Flip 6 models and their predecessors. The software is reportedly in  testing and could arrive after the Galaxy Unpacked event, which is likely to take place in July. Samsung Galaxy S25 Might Get Same Main Camera as the Galaxy S24


Samsung Tipped to Launch Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim: Here's When It May Arrive


Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra Leaked in Renders: See Design While the Galaxy S24 series is also expected to get the aforementioned AI features, it may not be with the One UI 6.1.1 update. In fact, the tipster suggests that it may not get the update at all. Instead, Samsung's flagship smartphone lineup is said to get a major One UI 6.1 update in August which will bring the same features as the One UI 6.1.1 update. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Infinix ZeroBook Ultra AI PC Set to Launch in India on June 27: Expected Specifications" ,  Infinix ZeroBook Ultra will launch in India next week, the company confirmed on Wednesday. It will be Infinix's second product launch this month and will closely follow the introduction of the Note 40 smartphone, which is scheduled to take place on June 21. Teasing an “era of AI PCs”, Infinix says its upcoming laptop will boast generative artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities and Intel AI Boost technology, helping it cater to the rising demands of AI PCs in the country. Infinix ZeroBook Ultra specifications (expected) The Infinix ZeroBook Ultra AI PC is expected to feature a 15.6-inch full-HD display with 100 percent sRGB colour gamut coverage. It will sport a quad-speaker setup with support for DTS sound processing technology for clearer audio. The ZeroBook Ultra is said to have a full-HD AI webcam with a dual mic array. Powering the laptop will be an Intel Core Ultra processor based on Intel Meteor Lake – a 64-bit CPU with an x86 CPU architecture. It will be paired with an in-built neural processing unit (NPU) called Intel AI Boost for accelerated performance. As per the company, this NPU is capable of handling larger datasets while maintaining fast processing speeds. The AI PC will also feature an Intel ARC integrated GPU with Ray Tracing and XE SS Frame Acceleration that is said to carry out generative AI tasks up to 70 percent faster. It is expected to have 32GB DDR5 RAM and up to 1TB SSD storage. Infinix says the ZeroBook Ultra will also feature an OverBoost Switch that will boost the laptop's performance for a brief period to handle extremely demanding tasks. Infinix XPad Tipped to Launch Soon As Company's First-Ever Tablet


Infinix Note 40 5G India Launch Date Announced: Check Design, Key Features


HP's Snapdragon X Elite-Powered AI PCs Now Available for Pre-Booking in India Backing the Infinix ZeroBook Ultra is expected to be a 70Wh battery with support for 100W fast charging. While no details about its pricing have been revealed, the laptop is expected to be available on Flipkart. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Iran to Launch its Digital Rial CBDC into Public Pilot Phase" ,  Central Bank Digital Currencies, or CBDCs, are picking up the pace in several nations around the world, and Iran is one of them. In the coming days, the country will gradually be deploying its ‘digital rial' virtual currency into a public pilot phase. The Central Bank of Iran (CBI) is spearheading the trial phase for the digital rial. As part of this phase, the digital currency will be issued to banking users, as well as to tourists visiting the Kish Island to facilitate digital payments. The digital rial pilot will be implemented June 21, an official release from the CBI said. For now, the trial will remain limited to the Kish Island. “By scanning the barcode generated by the provided software, make your purchases with new methods or transfer money to the wallets of other customers,” the release said (translated from Persian). Giottus Exchange Lists 43 New Cryptocurrencies in India: All Details CBDCs like the digital rial are blockchain-supported digital representations of fiat currencies, that let users process quick online payments. The use of CBDCs can result in the reduction of the dependence of central banks on cash notes, while also logging a permanent trail of the transaction history on the blockchain network. As per the CBI, the digital rial will not require interbank settlements to facilitate fund transfer between the buyer and the seller. Instead, the funds will instantly be made available to the seller as soon as the purchase operation is completed. “According to the measures taken, the digital rial facilitates the necessary capacities for the development of programmable or programmable money, which will be the driving engine for the formation of new business models, especially in the e-commerce space and the digital economy of the country.” the CBI said in the release. DOGE Developer Issues Warning to Investors, Here’s What It Is At present, India is among nations that are in advanced trial phases of their respective CBDCs. In India, the eRupee CBDC is being distributed in the retail ecosystem. Multiple banks are allowing small group of users to convert some of their money into the CBDC and try it for payments through QR codes linked to the accounts of the fund receivers. China, Japan, the UK, and Russia are all conducting pilot trials of their respective CBDCs. Most recently, Ethiopia has decided to explore the digital currency technology. In fact, back in 2022, Nigeria launched its eNaira CBDC into mainstream adoption.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S25's Main Camera Sensor Could Be Same as Galaxy S24" ,  Samsung Galaxy S25, Galaxy S25+, and Galaxy S25 Ultra are likely to go official early next year. The rumoured launch timeline is months away but a series of leaks over the past few days have offered some clarity into what we can expect from next year's Galaxy S flagships. An early leak now hints that the Galaxy S25 will sport exactly the same main rear camera sensor as the Galaxy S24. The vanilla model and Plus variant could get a 12-megapixel front camera. Samsung Galaxy S25 camera leak reveals no upgrade As per a report by GalaxyClub (in Dutch), Samsung Galaxy S25 will have a 50-megapixel main camera. If this rumour turns out to be true, the upcoming handset will be the fourth generation Galaxy S phone with a 50-megapixel primary camera. The existing Galaxy S24, Galaxy S23, and Galaxy S22 models have the same primary camera sensor. The Galaxy S25 and Galaxy S25+ are said to feature a 12-megapixel front camera. This means that the resolution of the front camera will also remain unchanged from their predecessors. The sensor size and other details are currently under wraps. Samsung Tipped to Launch Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim: Here's When It May Arrive Samsung's Galaxy S25 Ultra is tipped to bring notable camera upgrades. It could get a quad rear camera setup, comprising a 200-megapixel main camera and a 50-megapixel sensor with 5x optical zoom, a 50-megapixel ultra wide-angle camera, and a 50-megapixel telephoto sensor with 3x optical zoom. The ultra wide-angle sensor and 3x sensor would be a considerable improvement over the Galaxy S24 Ultra. Besides the rear camera and selfie shooter, the Galaxy S25 might come with the same 4,000mAh battery as the predecessor. The handset is said to carry the SM-S931 model number. The vanilla model could get a 6.36-inch display and it is likely to run on Exynos 2500 chipset in all markets.  Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Specifications Allegedly Revealed in Massive Leak  




title = "Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree Is Now the Highest Rated Expansion Ever on Metacritic" ,  Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree is set to arrive on June 21, but the reviews for the expansion are already out. Predictably, the DLC has received widespread acclaim, just like the base game. In fact, as per its Metacritic score, Shadow of the Erdtree has now become the highest rated DLC ever released. The PS5 version of the Elden Ring expansion currently has a score of 95 on the review aggregator website, which makes it one of the best rated games of all time. Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree Metacritic score Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree is FromSoftware's biggest and most ambitious expansion yet, featuring a whole new world map, new story, boss fights, weapon classes, spells, and more, adding dozens of hours of content over the base game. Reviews for the upcoming expansion, which releases June 21 across PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One and Xbox Series S/X, are already out, with high scores all around. With its 95 Metacritic score, based on 56 critic reviews at the time of writing, Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree is now the highest rated expansion ever. As spotted by VGC, the score places the expansion at the 36th place in Metacritic's overall list of highest rated games of all time. The DLC is just a single score point behind the base game; Elden Ring's Metacritic score stands at 96, based on 93 critic reviews. Elden Ring Hits 25 Million Copies Sold Ahead of Shadow of the Erdtree Launch When it comes to expansions, Shadow of the Erdtree is now at top of the list. Before the Elden Ring expansions, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt – Blood and Wine was the highest rated DLC on Metacritic with score of 92. Keep in mind that the review score can change as more reviews for the expansion trickle in. Elden Ring sales Last week, developer FromSoftware confirmed that Elden Ring had sold 25 million copies worldwide. The action-RPG, which released in 2022, is FromSoftware's highest selling title, comfortably ahead of the developer's other popular games like Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice and Dark Souls III, both of which sold over 10 million units. Elden Ring Shadow of the Erdtree Trailer Teases Miquella and Messmer's Story Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree requires the base game to be playable. It will focus on the story of Miquella, brother of Malenia, and will take place in the Realm of Shadow, a brand-new area in world of the Elden Ring. The expansion also introduces a new menacing antagonist, Messmer the Impaler. Shadow of the Erdtree will be released across PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series S/X on June 21.  What are the most exciting titles that gamers can look forward to in 2023? We discuss some of our favourites on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Glacier Battery Technology to Be Revealed on June 20; OnePlus Ace 3 Pro Might Get It First" ,  OnePlus is bringing a new smartphone battery technology called “Glacier Battery" to enhance the battery life and performance of smartphones. The new technology, developed in collaboration with Contemporary Amperex Technology Limited (CATL), will be revealed on June 20. The technology is claimed to eliminate the need for power banks. The Chinese tech brand is expected to launch OnePlus Ace 3 Pro soon as the first smartphone with the new Glacier Battery. The upcoming handset could get a 6,100mAh battery. Through a series of posts on Weibo, OnePlus confirmed that the "Glacier Battery" technology will be announced on June 20 at 2:00pm (11:30am IST). This next-generation battery technology designed for Ace smartphones is built in association with CATL. The brand claims that Glacier Battery tech would eliminate the common trouble of frequent charging, the anxiety of running out of power and the need for power banks. It is said to offer a “breakthrough” in battery life experience. Additionally, Chinese tipster Digital Chat Station suggested that the first device to feature OnePlus's Glacier Battery technology will be the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro. The handset does not have a release date but is slated to come with a massive 6,100mAh battery with 100W charging support. This fast charging technology is tipped to fill the battery from zero to 100 percent in under 30 minutes. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G Confirmed to Go Official in India Next Week Despite the larger battery size, the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro could keep a slim profile with a thickness of "8mm". The tipster suggests that future OnePlus smartphones will incorporate the new battery technology. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro specifications (expected) Based on past leaks, the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro will go official in the third quarter of this year. It is tipped to have a curved edge screen with a centrally located hole punch cutout for the selfie shooter. It is said to get a 6.78-inch 1.5K resolution 8T LTPO screen and a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC under the hood. It could feature a metal middle frame and a glass body. The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is tipped to feature a triple rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor, an 8-megapixel unit, and a 2-megapixel sensor. It is tipped to pack a 16-megapixel selfie camera. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G to Launch in India on June 24; Design Revealed    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Giottus Exchange Lists 43 New Cryptocurrencies in India, Pumps Total Token Count to 300" ,  Giottus, a crypto exchange based in India, has bumped up the number of cryptocurrencies listed on its platform for trading. Cryptocurrencies related to decentralised finance (DeFi) protocols, real world assets (RWA), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and memecoins have made it to Giottus' refreshed list. The exchange claims that it caters to over one million users and the listing of these new tokens is a result of user requests that it has analysed in recent times. In a statement shared with Gadgets360, Giottus claimed to have conducted analysis of each new token that have been added to the list. Asset quality, reliability, asset fundamentals, and history of market performance are among parameters that were examined, as per the exchange, before adding them to the list. “The listing of new tokens has been driven by significant demand from our valued customers, particularly in light of the ongoing bull market. The tokens chosen for listing have undergone a rigorous due diligence process which evaluated aspects such as asset quality, reliability, asset fundamentals, and market performance,” the exchange founded in 2017 said. Coinbase Starts Initiative to Help Budding Crypto Projects, Boost Growth As per CoinMarketCap, presently the crypto market is lush with over 2.4 million cryptocurrencies in circulation. Giottus alone, claims that it now has 300 cryptocurrencies listed on its platform. Realising the trend of new tokens finding their ways onto crypto exchanges, the Bharat Web3 Association (BWA) recently laid out a bunch of self-regulatory guidelines for exchanges to follow before listing new tokens on their platforms. The guidelines suggest that all crypto exchanges establish minimum standards to review tokens that are in the pipeline to be listed for public engagement. The exchanges have also been instructed to create their own filtering framework for token listings. Given that India is deploying regulations to make the crypto sector safe for user engagement, it is expected that more people may attempt to experiment with crypto assets, which despite being volatile in nature, lure-in investors who are looking to make quick money. BWA Urges FM Sitharaman to Provide Level Playing Field for Web3 Firms As of now, the Government of India has not released its own rulebook on token listings, but has instructed exchanges to complete the KYC formalities of all customers and report any suspicious activities identified internally. Giottus claims to have registered with India's Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) -- which was recently mandated by the Centre to ensure that no firm was illegally exposing Indians to the volatile and financially risky crypto space. “As a registered entity with the FIU and a reporting entity under the India Cyber Crime Coordination Centre (i4C), Giottus adheres to the highest standards of regulatory compliance and believes that such user-centric measures will boost crypto adoption among the masses with its stated aim of reaching five million users by end of 2024,” the exchange added to its statement.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Lenovo Legion Go India Launch Date Set for June 27; Key Features Confirmed" ,  Lenovo Legion Go is confirmed to launch in India soon. The company revealed the launch date of the handheld gaming console in the country in a press note. It also revealed some key specifications and features of the handheld console. It was first unveiled during IFA (Internationale FunkAusstellung Berlin) 2023. The Lenovo Legion Go is powered by the AMD Ryzen Z1 series chips and runs Windows 11 with Legion Space gaming software. It comes with detachable RGB-lit Hall Effect joysticks. Lenovo Legion Go India launch The Lenovo Legion Go will launch in India on June 27, the company confirmed in a press note. A microsite of the product is live on the Lenovo India website as well. It confirms several details about the upcoming handheld gaming console. The company also confirmed that all buyers will get access to three free months of Xbox Game Pass Ultimate. According to the microsite, the Indian variant of the Lenovo Legion Go will support Legion Glasses. It is also confirmed to support three modes - handheld, detachable, and FPS (first-person shooter). The latter mode uses an optional controller base to convert a part of the controller into a vertical mouse to help with better aim in FPS games. Lenovo Legion Go 'Lite' Said to Be in the Works, Could Sport a Smaller Display Lenovo Legion Go features The Lenovo Legion Go Indian variant is confirmed to sport an 8.8-inch QHD+ touchscreen display with up to 144Hz refresh rate and 500 nits of brightness level. It is confirmed to be powered by AMD Ryzen Z1 series of chipsets and to run Windows 11. The console will also be equipped with the company's Legion ColdFront cooling system. Lenovo also confirmed that the Legion Go will support 16GB of LPDDR5X RAM and 512GB of PCIe Gen4 onboard storage. It will also support expanded storage up to 2TB via microSD card. Lenovo Legion Go Handheld Console Debuts With 8.8-Inch QHD+ Display: Details


MSI Claw With Intel Core Ultra SoC, 7-inch Display Debuts: See Price The Lenovo Legion Go will carry a 49.2Wh battery with support for fast charging. It will also be equipped with Power Bypass and Battery Optimisation modes. The teaser images suggest that the console will launch in India in a Shadow Black colour option.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iOS 18 Improves iPhone’s Neural Engine Performance by 25 Percent, Geekbench Score Suggests" ,  iOS 18 – Apple's latest operating system for the iPhone – appears to be boosting the Neural Engine performance of the handset by as much as 25 percent, according to claims online. The update, announced at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10, is expected to bring several artificial intelligence (AI) features to the iPhone, in addition to other quality-of-life improvements. As part of this AI initiative, it has allegedly given a boost to the handset's Neural Engine. iOS 18 brings better NPU performance According to a post by user @lafaiel on X (formerly Twitter), an iPhone 15 Pro Max running iOS 18 scored 7,816 points in the Geekbench ML Score test compared to a score of 6,249 on iOS 17.5.1. This translates into an approximately 25 percent better performance in the handset's machine learning capabilities. After iOS 18 update,Geekbench machine learning score has greatly improved(CoreML / Neural Engine Backend) pic.twitter.com/23cZm4qYCI— INIYSA (@lafaiel) June 16, 2024 The CoreML Neural Engine Inference was tested in the benchmarks which is responsible for the machine learning tasks on the handset, taking advantage of hardware such as the CPU and the NPU (or in Apple's terms, the Neural Engine). While an NPU works along the same lines as a Graphics Processing Unit (GPU), instead of accelerating the graphics, it boosts the neural network operations. iOS 18 is set to bring several notable upgrades to the iPhone, the centre of which are the new AI capabilities that the company calls “Apple Intelligence”. Courtesy of it, the update will bring system-wide text-generation and summarisation capabilities. The iPhone will also support image generation with the help of a new app called Image Playground. Furthermore, Siri – Apple's voice assistant – is also getting smarter with On-Screen Awareness. Compatibility Notably, only the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max powered by the A17 Pro SoC will receive the new AI features across systems. Although Apple has seeded the iOS 18 Developer Beta 1 update to users around the world, Apple Intelligence features will be rolled out later this year and initially only in English (US). Apple Watch Users May Soon Be Able to Change Default Ringtone


Apple May Be Working on a Slimmer iPhone 17, MacBook Pro and Apple Watch


Apple Introduces a Quicker Way to Shut Down Your iPhone With iOS 18 iOS 18 compatibility list includes iPhone XR and later models, up to the iPhone 15 Pro Max. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Vision Pro 2 Development Reportedly Halted Amidst Poor Sales; Cheaper Headset Set for 2025 Launch" ,  Apple Vision Pro 2 – the rumoured successor to the Cupertino-based tech giant's first-ever mixed-reality headset – may not see the light of day at all, according to a report. This development is reportedly due to poor sales of the AR/VR headset which costs $3,499 (roughly Rs. 2,90,000) for the base 256GB storage model. However, Apple may still have plans for a cheaper device albeit with fewer features, it is suggested. No Apple Vision Pro 2 Citing industry sources involved in the supply chain of its components, The Information reported that the Apple Vision Pro 2 development may have been suspended. This is reportedly due to poor sales of the headset being flagged by analysts. First announced during WWDC 2023, the Vision Pro was initially available only in the US. However, its availability was expanded to several other regions over the last few months, with Apple announcing the sale of the headset in eight new regions, including Singapore, China, Japan, Hong Kong, Australia, Canada and the UK. Apple calls the device its “spatial computer” which enables users to experience apps in augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) environments. Apple Watch Users May Soon Be Able to Change Default Ringtone While the Vision Pro 2 may not happen, Apple still reportedly has plans for a new headset. The report suggests that a cheaper version of the Vision Pro may launch before the end of 2025. This model is speculated to come at a lower price tag with fewer features. To achieve this, Apple is said to have diverted resources from the development of the Vision Pro 2 to another team which may be working to bring down the cost of the Vision Pro's components. Apple's iPhone 15 Gets Huge Price Cut on Flipkart: See New Price


Apple Introduces a Quicker Way to Shut Down Your iPhone With iOS 18 As per the report, the more affordable Vision Pro variant is part of Apple's initial strategy which involved launching the headset in two variants: Standard and Pro, similar to the other devices in the Apple ecosystem such as the iPhone. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Gigabyte Aorus 16X, Gigabyte G6X AI-Backed Gaming Laptops Debut in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Gigabyte has unveiled the Aorus 16X and the G6X series of gaming laptops in India. They feature Microsoft CoPilot and the company's AI Nexus technology that is said to help with AI tasks and generative AI applications. The Aorus 16X laptops are also equipped with Dolby Atmos and Dolby Vision support. The Aorus 16X and the Gigabyte G6X models have 16-inch screens and offer Wi-Fi 7 connectivity. They can be configured with up to Intel Core i9 processors and Nvidia GeForce RTX 4070 GPU. Gigabyte Aorus 16X, Gigabyte G6X price in India Gigabyte confirmed in a press note that the prices of the Gigabyte Aorus 16X and the G6X gaming laptops in India range from Rs. 96,999 to Rs. 1,89,999. The exact prices of each model have not yet been listed. The laptops will be available for purchase in the country in July via online and offline retail stores. The Gigabyte Aorus 16X ASG and Aorus 16X AKG models are offered in two colour options - Aurora Gray and Midnight Gray. Meanwhile, the Gigabyte G6X 9KG and G6X 9MG come in a single Gunmetal Gray shade. Gigabyte AI Top Will Let You Train AI Locally on Your Desktop Gigabyte Aorus 16X, Gigabyte G6X specifications, features The Gigabyte Aorus 16X gaming laptops sport 16-inch WQXGA (2,560 x 1,600 pixels) displays with a 165Hz refresh rate, a 16:10 aspect ratio, TÜV Rheinland Eye Comfort Certification, and Pantone Validated colour accuracy certification. The Gigabyte G6X laptops, on the other hand, feature 16-inch WUXGA (1,920 x 1,200 pixels) screens with similar refresh rate and aspect ratio. Auros 16X lineup can be configured with up to Intel Core i9 CPUs paired with up to Nvidia GeForce RTX 4070 GPU. Meanwhile, the Gigabyte G6X series comes with Intel Core i7 chips with up to Nvidia GeForce RTX 4060 GPU. The Gigabyte G6X laptops also offer Microsoft CoPilot features, while the Gigabyte Auros 16X come with in-house AI Nexus technology. Gigabyte also confirmed that the Auros 16X models are equipped with 3-zone RGB backlit keyboards, while the G6X variants get 1-zone RGB backlit keyboards. The laptops are equipped with dual speakers, microphones, and Dolby Audio support. Connectivity options include support for up to Wi-Fi 7 and up to Bluetooth 5.4. Gigabyte Debuts AI-Enabled Aorus Gaming Monitor in India: See Price


HP's Snapdragon X Elite-Powered AI PCs Now Available for Pre-Booking in India The Gigabyte Aorus 16X and the Gigabyte G6X laptops are backed by 99Wh batteries with support for 100W PD charging and come with up to 240W AC chargers.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo Y58 5G Price in India, Specifications Tipped Ahead of June 20 Launch" ,  Vivo Y58 5G will launch in India on June 20. The upcoming Y series handset had surfaced on the Web last week suggesting some of its specifications and features. Ahead of the launch, a tipster has now leaked the India price and retail box image of the Vivo Y58 5G. The phone is said to run on the Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC paired with 8GB of RAM. It is expected to house a 6,000mAh battery with 44W fast charging support. Vivo Y58 5G price in India (leaked) Tipster Sudhanshu Ambhore (@Sudhanshu1414) posted alleged retail box images, pricing, and specifications of the Vivo Y58 5G on X. As per the tipster, the phone will be priced at Rs. 19,499 for the 8GB RAM + 128GB storage version. The retail packaging suggests the phone will carry a V2355 model number and be available in a Sundarbans green shade. Vivo X Fold 3 Pro Debuts as Vivo's First Foldable in India: See Price Vivo Y58 5G specifications (leaked) As per the post, the Vivo Y58 5G will feature a 6.72-inch LCD full-HD+ display with a refresh rate of 120Hz and 1,024nits peak brightness. It is said to run on a Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC with 8GB of RAM and 128GB of storage that could support expansion up to 1TB. It is said to offer up to 8GB of extended RAM as well. The new leak corroborates past rumours. Vivo’s X Fold 3 Pro Is Built Different: Here’s How The Vivo Y58 5G is tipped to get a dual rear camera unit, comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor and a 2-megapixel shooter. It is said to feature an 8-megapixel front camera and come with IP64 rated built for dust and water resistance. The handset is tipped to include dual speakers, a side-mounted fingerprint scanner, and a 6,000mAh battery with 44W fast charging support. It could measure 7.99mm in thickness and weigh 199 grams. 




title = "Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 (2024) With AMD Ryzen 9 Processor, Nvidia RTX 4070 GPU Launched in India" ,  Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 (2024) was launched in India on Wednesday and the latest gaming laptop from the Taiwanese PC giant is equipped with AMD's Ryzen 9 8945HS processor alongside 16GB of RAM and Nvidia GeForce RTX 4070 GPU. Asus says the laptop features a customised cooling system and sports a 14-inch OLED panel with 3K resolution. The Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 runs on Windows 11 Home out-of-the-box and packs a 73Wh battery. It was originally showcased at CES 2024 in January. Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 (2024) price in india Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 price in India starts at 1,74,990 and it is offered in a single Grey colourway. It will be available for purchase via the Asus online store, Amazon, Flipkart and other offline retail stores, according to the company. Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 (2024) specifications According to the company, the new Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 runs on Windows 11 Home and features a 14-inch OLED Nebula display with 3K (2,880x1,800 pixels) resolution, 16:10 aspect ratio and 120Hz refresh rate. The Pantone-validated display supports Nvidia G-Sync, Dolby Vision, offers 100 percent DCI-P3 colour gamut coverage, and has a 0.2ms response time. Asus Vivobook S 15 Goes on Sale as Company's First Copilot+ PC The laptop is powered by an AMD Ryzen 9 8945HS processor, coupled with an Nvidia GeForce RTX 4070 GPU and 16GB of LPDDR5X-6400 memory. You get up to 1TB of M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD Asus has used its proprietary ROG intelligent cooling system on the ROG Zephyrus G14. To manage thermal output, the machine has a new fibre-and-mesh heat-pipe system with a tri-fan design featuring second-generation Arc Flow Fans. Further, the gaming laptop includes stereo speakers with Dolby Atmos sound and a smart amplifier with two-way AI noise cancellation and Hi-Res audio. The ROG Zephyrus G14 features a USB Type-C port (DisplayPort and Power Delivery), one USB 3.2 Gen 2 Type-C port (DisplayPort), two USB 3.2 Gen 2 Type-A ports, and a MicroSD card reader. It comes with a backlit chiclet keyboard and offers Wi-Fi 6E and Bluetooth5.3 connectivity options. The laptop is backed by a 73Whr battery along with USB Type-C charging. It measures 31.1x22.0x1.59cm and weighs 1.50kg. HP's Snapdragon X Elite-Powered AI PCs Now Available for Pre-Booking in India   




title = "Nvidia Rides AI Boom to Dethrone Microsoft as World's Most Valuable Company" ,  Nvidia became the world's most valuable company on Tuesday, dethroning tech heavyweight Microsoft as its high-end processors play a central role in a scramble to dominate artificial intelligence technology. Shares of the chipmaker climbed 3.5 percent to $135.58, lifting its market capitalization to $3.335 trillion (roughly Rs. 2,78,15,901 crore), just days after overtaking iPhone maker Apple to become the second most valuable company. Microsoft's stock market value was $3.317 trillion as its shares dipped 0.45 percent. Nvidia Tops $3 Trillion in Market Value, Leapfrogging Apple Apple's stock slipped over 1 percent, leaving its value at $3.286 trillion. Nvidia's stunning surge in market value over the past year has become emblematic of a Wall Street frenzy driven by optimism about emerging AI technology. While Nvidia's rally has lifted the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to record highs, some investors worry that unbridled optimism about AI could evaporate if signs emerge of a slowdown in spending on the technology. Nvidia Calls Gaming Laptops From Asus, MSI as ‘RTX AI PC’ "It's Nvidia's market; we're all just trading in it," said Steve Sosnick, chief market strategist at Interactive Brokers. Nvidia has also become by far the most traded company on Wall Street, with daily turnover recently averaging $50 billion, compared to around $10 billion each for Apple, Microsoft and Tesla, according to LSEG data. The chipmaker now accounts for about 16 percent of all trading in S&P 500 companies. Nvidia's stock has nearly tripled so far this year, compared with a rise of about 19 percent in Microsoft shares, with demand for its top-of-the-line processors outpacing supply. Intel Unveils New AI Chip, Gaudi 3, in Bid to Challenge Nvidia Tech giants Microsoft, Meta Platforms and Google-owner Alphabet are competing to build out their AI computing capabilities and add the technology to their products and services. An insatiable appetite for Nvidia's AI processors, viewed as far superior to competitors' offerings, has left them in tight supply, and many investors view Nvidia as the greatest winner to date from surging AI development. "Nvidia has been getting a lot of positive attention and has been doing a lot of things very correctly, but a small misstep is likely to cause a major correction in the stock, and investors should be careful," said Oliver Pursche, senior vice president at Wealthspire Advisors in New York. Tuesday's gain lifted Nvidia's stock to a record high and added over $110 billion to its market capitalization, equivalent to the entire value of Lockheed Martin . The company's market value expanded from $1 trillion to $2 trillion in just nine months in February, while taking just over three months to hit $3 trillion in June. Since its blowout forecast about a year ago, the company has consistently breezed past Wall Street's lofty expectations for revenue and profit, with demand for its graphics processors far outstripping supply as companies rush to embed AI applications. Nvidia executives said in May that demand for its Blackwell AI chips could exceed supply "well into next year." Sharp increases in analysts' expectations for Nvidia's future earnings have outpaced its stellar stock gains, resulting in a fall in the stock's earnings valuation. Nvidia recently traded at 44 times expected earnings, down from over 84 about a year ago, LSEG data showed. Increasing the appeal for its highly valued stock among individual investors, Nvidia last week split its stock 10-for-one. © Thomson Reuters 2024  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Motorola Razr 50, Razr 50 Ultra Price and Colour Options Leak Alongside Details of Moto G85 5G" ,  Motorola Razr 50 and Razr 50 Ultra are confirmed to launch in China as well as in global markets on June 25. The next-generation clamshell foldable handsets are expected to succeed the Razr 40 and Razr 40 Ultra. The handset will be accompanied by the Motorola S50 Neo in China, which is expected to launch globally as the Moto G85 5G. Some online leaks suggest the global prices as well as colour options of the upcoming Motorola Razr 50 series phones alongside details of the Moto G85 5G. Motorola Razr 50, Razr 50 Ultra, Moto G85 5G price, colour options (Rumoured) Motorola Razr 50 price will reportedly start at EUR 899 (roughly Rs. 80,500) for the 8GB + 256GB option. Meanwhile, the Motorola Razr 50 Ultra will likely be listed at EUR 1,199 (roughly Rs. 1.07,300) for the 12GB + 512GB configuration. The base model could be offered in Grey, Orange and Sand colourways, while the Ultra variant could come in Blue, Green and Peach shades. Another report suggests that the Moto G85 5G will be priced at EUR 349 (roughly Rs. 31,200) for the 12GB + 256GB option. The report added that the phone could be available in three colour options - Grey, Olivin and Surf (Blue). Motorola Razr 50 Series Launch Date Confirmed; Here's When It Will Arrive Motorola Razr 50, Razr 50 Ultra features (Rumoured) The vanilla Motorola Razr 50 is tipped to feature a MediaTek Dimensity 7300X SoC and pack a 3,950mAh battery with 33W fast charging support. The Razr 50 Ultra, on the other hand, could be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset and be backed by a 4,000mAh battery with support for 68W fast charging. Both clamshell foldable smartphones are likely to sport a 6.9-inch full-HD+ OLED main screens and 3.6-inch cover displays. The Motorola Razr 50 and Razr 50 Ultra may get 50-megapixel dual rear camera units and 32-megapixel selfie cameras. Moto G85 5G Design Renders Leaked; Suggests Curved Display


Moto G85 5G Surfaces on Geekbench, May Arrive With This Snapdragon Chip Moto G85 5G features (Rumoured) The Moto G85 5G is expected to be a rebadged version of the Motorola S50 Neo that is set to launch in China. The aforementioned report said that the Moto G85 5G could come with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 4 Gen 3 SoC, a 5,000mAh battery with 33W fast charging support and a 6.6-inch full-HD+ OLED screen. For optics, it may carry a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit and a 32-megapixel selfie shooter.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel Tablet Gains Circle to Search Access via Action Key on Android 15 Beta 3: Report" ,  Android 15 will reportedly make it easier for users to access Google's Circle to Search feature on devices with larger screens, such as tablets. The visual lookup feature debuted in January exclusively with the Samsung Galaxy S24 series but was later rolled out to more Android devices. The latest Android 15 Beta 3 that was rolled out on Tuesday makes it much easier to access Circle to Search via the Action Key on the Google Pixel Tablet. Pixel Tablet gets a new Circle to Search shortcut on Android 15 According to an Android Authority report, the latest Android 15 Beta 3 update brings action key support for Circle to Search on the Google Pixel Tablet. Users can choose between two different taskbar styles: transient and persistent, the latter of which enables access to Circle to Search. At present, users can invoke the Circle to Search option by tapping and holding the navigation pane. Following the Android 15 Beta 3 update, a new pop-up window reportedly shows up when you swipe up on the persistent-style taskbar. A notification appears, stating, “Touch and hold the action key to search what's on your screen.”  Action Key support for Circle to SearchPhoto Credit: Mishaal Rahman/Android Authority Alternatively, the report suggests that Google's Circle to Search feature can be activated when using the transient-style taskbar too. In addition to this feature, Google is also reported to be developing the ability to invoke Circle to Search when using split-screen mode. This feature is said to be spotted in the Pixel Launcher beta app following the Android 15 update. Circle to Search New Features Google's AI-powered visual lookup feature is reported to get several new features, such as reading content out loud, hinting at potential text-to-speech capabilities. This feature was discovered during an APK teardown of the Google beta app v15.20.36.29. Google Pixel 9 Could Offer AI Sticker, Emoji Generation With This App


Android 15 Beta 3 With Improved Passkey Support Released: How to Download


Google Brings Gemini App to India In English, 9 Indian Languages Two other features — Listen and Select All — may also be adopted from Google Lens and introduced in Circle to Search, the report suggests. On Lens, ‘Listen' reads a highlighted text out loud, whereas the ‘Select All' option highlights the text visible in the image or the camera viewfinder. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Nintendo Direct: The Legend of Zelda: Echoes of Wisdom, Mario & Luigi: Brothership Revealed" ,  The Nintendo Switch is in its last year, but it's certainly not on its last legs. That much was made clear by the Japanese gaming giant at its Nintendo Direct showcase on Monday, where the company unveiled a packed slate of games coming to the hybrid console before it makes way for the Nintendo Switch 2 in 2025. The 40-minute-long presentation served as a last hurray for the Switch, that has sold over 141 million units in its seven-year run since it went on sale in 2017. The successor to the Nintendo Switch, the third-highest selling game console of all time, will be announced next year, but the Switch's swansong will keep players busy till then. Nintendo Direct, which aired June 18, revealed a new Legend of Zelda game, showed the first look at the next Metroid Prime title, and announced a new Mario RPG game for the Switch. The presentation also featured a new Mario party title and an HD remaster for Donkey Kong Country Returns. In addition to Nintendo's first-party lineup, the Direct showcase included titles from third-party partners, including Dragon Quest III HD-2D Remake, Hello Kitty Island Adventure, Stray and more. Here's everything that was announced, or received a fresh look, at the Nintendo Direct showcase. The Legend of Zelda: Echoes of Wisdom Nintendo unveiled a brand-new Legend of Zelda title, where you actually get to play as Princess Zelda. Coming to Nintendo Switch on September 26, 2024, The Legend of Zelda: Echoes of Wisdom brings a new story, where people of Hyrule have begun disappearing after strange rifts start showing up across the kingdom. The franchise hero Link has also gone missing, so it's up to Zelda to solve the mystery and save Hyrule. Nintendo Direct Showcase Confirmed for June 18 The princess won't be alone in her adventure. With the help of a fairy, Tri, Zelda will be able to conjure echoes that imitate objects in the environment. With the help of these echoes, she'll take on puzzles, traverse difficult terrain, and face off enemies standing in her way. A special Hyrule Edition of the Nintendo Switch Lite will launch alongside the game on September 26. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Mario & Luigi: Brothership A new RPG adventure starring the iconic plumber brothers, Mario and Luigi, was announced at Nintendo Direct. Mario & Luigi: Brothership will see its titular duo set sail on Shipshape — a part ship, part island — to explore Concordia. Mario and Luigi's adventures will take them to several islands, each with its distinct environment. The game will bring back familiar friends and foes, including Princess Peach and Bowser, as the brothers go on a journey on their ‘Brothership'. The game features turn-based combat, puzzles and platforming and a colourful art style. It arrives on the Nintendo Switch on November 7. Elden Ring Hits 25 Million Copies Sold Ahead of Shadow of the Erdtree Launch .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Metroid Prime 4: Beyond Nintendo finally showed off gameplay for the long-awaited Metroid Prime 4: Beyond. The new trailer, featuring first-person shooting gameplay and impressive visuals, did not give away many details. The update comes over a year after Metroid Prime Remastered released on the Nintendo Switch in February 2023. There's no concrete release date for the next Metroid Prime title, but Nintendo did reveal a 2025 release window for the game. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Dragon Quest III HD-2D Remake Dragon Quest 3 HD-2D Remake received a release date during the Nintendo Direct presentation. The remake of the RPG classic is coming to Nintendo Switch, PC, Xbox Series S/X, and PS5 on November 14, 2024. The game features updated 2D visuals and an expanded story. Additionally, Dragon Quest I & II HD-2D Remake were also revealed, thus covering the entire original trilogy of beloved RPGs. The remastered collection of the first two Dragon Quest games will arrive sometime next year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Donkey Kong Country Returns HD Another HD update to a beloved classic, Donkey Kong Country Returns HD, originally launched on the Nintendo Wii, will arrive on the Switch on January 16, 2025. The remaster will feature 80 levels from the original game, including some from the Nintendo 3DS version, and full two-player local co-op. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Super Mario Party Jamboree The Mario Party series is getting a new game, as well. Super Mario Party Jamboree will drop Mario and his friends on an island resort, where players can take part in over 110 minigames across five new game boards — and two returning ones — with their friends. The game will allow up to 20 players to battle it out online, promising the “biggest Mario Party yet.” Super Mario Party Jamboree will launch on Nintendo Switch on October 17. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Here's everything else that was announced or received an update at Nintendo Direct: Lego Horizon Adventures (PS5, PC, Nintendo Switch - Holiday 2024) Just Dance 2025 Edition (PS5, Xbox Series S/X, Nintendo Switch – October 2024) Hello Kitty Island Adventure (PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5 – 2025) Stray (Nintendo Switch – Holiday 2024) Tales of the Shire: A Lord of the Rings Game (PC, PS5, Xbox Series S/X, Netflix Games, Nintendo Switch – Holiday 2024) Nintendo World Championships: NES Edition (Nintendo Switch – July 18, 2024) Funko Fusion (PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series S/X, Nintendo Switch - September 13, 2024) MIO: Memories in Orbit (PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series S/X - 2025) Luigi's Mansion 2 HD (Nintendo Switch – June 27, 2024) Darkest Dungeon II (PS4, PS5, Nintendo Switch – July 15, 2024) Looney Tunes: Wacky World of Sports (PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series S/X, Nintendo Switch – Fall 2024) Metal Slug Attack Reloaded (PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series S/X, Nintendo Switch – available now) Marvel vs. Capcom Fighting Collection: Arcade Classics (PC, PS4, Nintendo Switch – 2024) Phantom Brave: The Lost Hero (PC, PS4, PS5, Nintendo Switch – 2025) The Hundred Line -Last Defense Academy- (PC, Nintendo Switch – Early 2025) Romancing SaGa 2: Revenge of the Seven remake (PC, PS4, PS5, Nintendo Switch – October 24, 2024) Fantasian Neo Dimension (PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox Series S/X, Nintendo Switch – Winter 2024) Fairy Tail 2 (PC, PS4, PS5, Nintendo Switch – Winter 2024) Ace Attorney Investigations Collection (PC, PS4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch – September 6, 2024) Farmagia (PC, PS5, Nintendo Switch – November 1, 2024) The New Denpa Men (Nintendo Switch – July 22, 2024) Nintendo Switch Online - The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past and Four Swords, Metroid: Zero Mission, Perfect Dark, Turok: Dinosaur Hunter (Nintendo Switch, available now) Free updates – Disney Illusion Island, Among Us, Nintendo Switch Sports  Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim Tipped to Launch in October, Could Be Rebranded in China" ,  Samsung seems to be gearing up to launch several new Galaxy products next month at its rumoured Galaxy Unpacked event. The Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 and Galaxy Ring are expected to go official alongside several new wearables and earbuds. We heard several rumours regarding another model in the book-style foldable series — the Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim — over the past few months and now a tipster has leaked the purported launch timeline of this model. It is also tipped to launch in China as the Samsung Galaxy W25. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim launch timeline tipped Tipster Ice Universe on X (formerly Twitter) claimed that Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim will be launched in October, a few months after the expected launch of the Galaxy Z Fold 6. The handset will be released in China with the Galaxy W25 moniker, according to the leaker. The post on X doesn't specify whether this timeline is for the Chinese market or other global regions. The upcoming foldable phone is said to be lighter, thinner, and larger than the standard Galaxy Z Fold 6 and could feature a titanium frame while lacking S Pen support. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Specifications Allegedly Revealed in Massive Leak Last month, Display Supply Chain Consultants (DSCC) Co-Founder and CEO Ross Young opined that the Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim will be larger than Galaxy Z Fold 6. He hinted that it will be launched in the fourth quarter (October-December) of this year and is likely to be priced similarly to the standard model. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 specifications (Rumoured) Samsung's Galaxy Unpacked event is rumoured to take place on July 10 and Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 and Galaxy Ring are expected to go official during the event. The Galaxy Z Fold 6 is tipped to come with a titanium frame and 7.6-inch inner screen and a 6.3-inch cover display. It could run on Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 for Galaxy with 12GB LPDDR5X RAM. It is said to come in 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB storage options. Samsung is tipped to equip the Galaxy Z Fold 6 with a triple rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel wide-angle camera, a 12-megapixel ultra-wide-angle camera, and a 10-megapixel telephoto camera. It is said to get a 10-megapixel camera on the cover display and a 4-megapixel under-display camera. It could pack a 4,400mAh battery with a charging speed of 25W. Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra May Get a New Colourway Soon   




title = "HMD Skyline Spotted on Geekbench, Might Feature Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 Chipset" ,  HMD Skyline could likely be unveiled by the Finnish smartphone maker in the coming months. The company introduced its HMD Pulse series of smartphones earlier this year, touting their repairability. It is expected to launch more HMD-branded handsets in the future. The HMD Skyline could be one such phone, according to recent reports. Previous leaks suggest that it could carry a design similar to the Nokia Lumia 920. The purported HMD Skyline has now been spotted on a benchmarking site which hints at some of its key features. HMD Skyline specifications spotted on Geekbench The rumoured HMD Skyline has been spotted on the benchmarking website Geekbench. The listing reveals the phone has a motherboard codenamed 'Tomcat' that is linked to Qualcomm's octa-core Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 chipset. Notably, an earlier leak also claimed that the handset will be equipped with the same mobile processor.  HMD Skyline Geekbench listing  The Geekbench listing also suggests that the HMD Skyline is equipped with 8GB of RAM and runs on Android 14. The purported HMD smartphone scored 1,027 and 2,857 points on the single and multi-core tests, respectively. HMD Skyline, HMD Atlas Leaked Design, Price, Features Surface Online HMD Skyline features (Rumoured) The aforementioned leak suggested that the HMD Skyline is likely to get a full-HD+ OLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate. It may pack a 4,900mAh battery with support for 33W wired fast charging. The phone could also sport an IP67-rated build for dust and splash resistance. In the camera department, the rumoured HMD Skyline has been tipped to get a 108-megapixel primary rear camera alongside an ultra-wide lens and a macro or depth sensor. HMD 110, HMD 105 Feature Phones With Inbuilt UPI Support Launched


HMD Is Reportedly Working on Three Smartphones Including 'Project Fusion' HMD Skyline price (Rumoured) The HMD Skyline is said to arrive with a EUR 520 (roughly Rs. 46,800) price tag for the 8GB+ 256GB RAM and storage configuration. We can expect to learn more about the pricing of the handset in the coming weeks or months, ahead of its anticipated debut.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Crypto Price India: Bitcoin Climbs to $65,000, Most Cryptocurrencies Log Small but Notable Profits" ,  The crypto market seems to be on upswing price-wise, with majority cryptocurrencies reflecting profits on Wednesday, June 19. Bitcoin recorded a small gain of 0.35 percent to trade at the price point of $65,573 (roughly Rs. 54.6 lakh), as per CoinMarketCap. This is the first time in weeks that Bitcoin has managed to reach and breach the mark of $65,000 (roughly Rs. 54 lakh) on international exchanges. Meanwhile in India, Bitcoin is trading at $71,915 (roughly Rs. 59.9 lakh) on exchanges like WazirX and CoinDCX. “Although Bitcoin appears slightly bearish on shorter time frames, it is performing well on weekly charts, indicating that the bull market is likely still ongoing. Bitcoin's dominance also remains steady at around 55 percent,” the CoinSwitch Markets Desk told Gadgets360. Ether slipped in value by 2.73 percent on Wednesday, as per Gadgets360's crypto price tracker. At the time of writing, ETH was trading at $3,092 (roughly Rs. 2.57 lakh) on Indian exchanges and at around $3,560 (roughly Rs. 2. 96 lakh) on international exchanges. Ether price is estimated to go up, given the latest development around it in the US. Coinbase Starts Initiative to Help Budding Crypto Projects, Boost Growth “Ethereum developer Consensys has announced that the US Securities and Exchange Commission is ending its investigation into whether ETH is a security and whether sales of ETH constitute security transactions,” the CoinSwitch desk added. Most cryptocurrencies logged gains on Wednesday. These include Tether, Binance Coin, Solana, Ripple, Dogecoin, Cardano, Shiba Inu, Avalanche, and Tron. Polkadot, Chainlink, Uniswap, Polygon, and Near Protocol also registered minor gains. BWA Urges FM Sitharaman to Provide Level Playing Field for Web3 Firms “Overall, the market has been slowly rebounding from recent declines. Ethereum ETF issuers received SEC feedback on their S-1 forms last week, with a deadline to finalise them by this Friday,” Edul Patel, CEO of Mudrex told Gadgets360. The small bunch of altcoins that reflected losses on Wednesday include Litecoin, Elrond, EOS Coin, and Underdog. As per CoinMarketCap, the overall crypto market cap rose by 0.92 percent in the last 24 hours. With this, the sector's valuation has come to $2.38 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,98,41,691 crore).  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel 9 to Feature Creative Assistant App for Custom AI Sticker, Emoji Generation: Report" ,  Google Pixel 9 will reportedly get a new app that will let users generate custom stickers using artificial intelligence (AI). This feature could be available on Google's upcoming smartphones courtesy of a new app called Creative Assistant, which is said to be under development. With this move, Google is expected to compete with Apple's Genmoji, a similar AI sticker generation feature which was unveiled as a feature coming to the iOS 18 update at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 keynote earlier this month. AI Stickers on Google Pixel 9 An Android Authority report states that Google is developing a Creative Assistant app which is scheduled to debut with the Pixel 9 series later this year. It is said to bring AI capabilities which may enable users to generate custom stickers. The report speculates it could also offer the same functionality with emoji. Android 15 Beta 3 suggests that Google is working on a "Creative Assistant" app that could use generative AI to create custom stickers. The app isn't available yet, but it could be something we'll see on the Pixel 9.More details👇https://t.co/u6kcS6SRH2— Mishaal Rahman (@MishaalRahman) June 18, 2024 The new Creative Assistant app is tipped to be Pixel-exclusive, and its mention was reportedly spotted in a binary related to the TPU in the Tensor chip. Moreover, it is also reported to be referenced in the Google Markup app that was released with the Android 15 Beta 3. The app's package name will reportedly be “com.google.android.apps.pixel.creativeassistant”. As per the report, a new “remix” option will appear in the Markup app which is speculated to offer sticker generation functionality using generative AI. This sticker may then be added to a screenshot or an image. Google Pixel 9 XL specifications (Rumoured) Google's rumoured Pixel 9 series is tipped to feature three models – the Google Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro and a new Pixel 9 XL. All three smartphones are tipped to be powered by the Tensor G4 SoC and may offer AI capabilities. The Pixel 9 XL is said to be an all-new handset which was recently spotted on Geekbench. Google Pixel 9 Pro XL’s Geekbench Score Hints Small Performance Upgrade


Google Pixel 9 Tensor G4 Scores Lower than Tensor G3 on Geekbench Tests


Google Reportedly Brings Pixel’s Magic Editor to Samsung Phones As per the listing, it is speculated to come with 16GB RAM, a "komodo" motherboard based on Arm architecture and a "sched_pixel" governor. The listing shows 1,950 points in single-core testing and 4,655 points in multi-core testing scored by the Google Pixel 9 XL. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G India Launch Set for June 24; Colour Option, Specifications Revealed" ,  OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G is set to launch in India next week, the company announced on social media. The OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G is confirmed to sport a dual camera system at the back headlined by a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-600 primary sensor. The handset was teased in a “Mega Blue” colourway. The company also revealed the design of the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite and confirmed some of its key specifications. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G launch date In a post on X (formerly Twitter), the official OnePlus account teased the launch of the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G. It is set to be launched in India on June 24 at 7pm IST. The company also shared a glimpse of a “Mega Blue” colourway of the handset. Don't miss the OnePlus Nord Special ReportJune 24, 7PM IST | 3:30PM CEST#OnePlusNordCE4Lite 5G— OnePlus (@oneplus) June 18, 2024 A microsite for the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G launch in India is already live on Amazon, and it confirms a key specification – its camera. As per the page, the smartphone will sport a dual camera system at the back with a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-600 primary camera with optical image stabilisation (OIS). OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G specifications (expected) OnePlus President Kinder Liu, in a conversation with Tom's Guide, confirmed the upcoming launch of the smartphone and also revealed several specifications. As per the executive, the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G is set to have a 5,110mAh battery with 80W SuperVOOC charging – a slight step up from the 5,000mAh battery capacity on the OnePlus Nord CE 3 Lite. It is also set to offer a 5W reverse wireless charging option, enabling users to charge their devices such as TWS earbuds and smartwatches. Furthermore, the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G will sport a 120Hz OLED display with 2,100 nits of peak brightness that will be “bright and smooth even in outdoor environments”, as per Liu. The display will also feature Aqua Touch technology previously seen with its more expensive sibling, the OnePlus 12. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro Could Ship With a Massive Battery


OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G Confirmed to Go Official in India Next Week


OnePlus Ace 3 Pro Leaked Schematics Hint at This Design Along with the 50-megapixel Sony sensor, the camera system is also confirmed to sport a new aspherical lens which “has a clear advantage in terms of aberrations and distortions control and it also provides a wider field of view”, Liu explained. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "HP EliteBook Ultra and OmniBook X AI PCs Now Available for Prebooking in India: Specifications, Price" ,  HP EliteBook Ultra and OmniBook X – two devices under HP's AI PCs category – are set to launch in India soon, the company announced on Wednesday. Both AI PCs will be built on the latest ARM architecture and will be powered by the Snapdragon X Elite chipset, supporting an array of artificial intelligence (AI) features. HP says these laptops will be the first devices to support the HP AI Companion for performance optimisation and management of on-device AI tools. HP EliteBook Ultra and OmniBook X price in India HP EliteBook Ultra AI PC is available for pre-booking in India starting at Rs. 1,53,399 through HP partners or via the HP Online Store. On the other hand, the HP OmniBook X is priced at Rs. 1,39,999 and can be pre-booked via HP World stores, HP Online store, Reliance Digital, Croma, and Vijay Sales. The HP AI PCs come bundled with 25GB of free Dropbox storage for 12 months from the date of registration. Asus Vivobook S 15 Goes on Sale as Company's First Copilot+ PC HP EliteBook Ultra and OmniBook X specifications As per the company, the HP EliteBook Ultra AI PC is built for businesses and enterprises. It is powered by a Snapdragon X Elite chip with 12 cores capped at 3.4GHz, paired with 16 GB LPDDR5X RAM, and 1TB NVMe SSD storage. The AI PC also comes with a dedicated Qualcomm Hexagon NPU for handling AI tasks. The EliteBook Ultra AI PC sports a 14-inch 2.2K IPS display with 300 nits peak brightness. In terms of dimensions, it measures 31.29 x 22.35 x 0.84cm and weighs 1.34kg. Backing the laptop is a 3-cell, 59 Wh Li-ion polymer battery with support for 65W fast charging via USB Type-C. Other features include a 5-megapixel IR camera, Bluetooth 5.2 support, and dual stereo speakers with audio by Poly Studio. HP says its OmniBook X AI PC is built for retail consumers including creators and freelancers. The laptop is powered by the Snapdragon X Elite chipset and Qualcomm Hexagon NPU with 16GB RAM and 1TB SSD storage. It features a 14-inch 2.2K IPS display with 300 nits peak brightness and micro-edge bezels. The battery specifications, as well as audio and connectivity capabilities, remain the same as the Elitebook Ultra AI PC. Google Brings Gemini App to India In English, 9 Indian Languages


Adobe Acrobat Is Getting Image Generation and Other AI Capabilities Both laptops support AI features such as Spotlight and Auto Framing. A dedicated Copilot key is also present for quick access to Microsoft's AI chatbot. The laptops also feature Wolf Pro Security Next Gen Antivirus that is said to use machine learning to protect the user against threats .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Android 15 Beta 3 With Improved Passkey Support Rolled Out By Google as Update Reaches Platform Stability" ,  Android 15 Beta 3 was rolled out by Google on Tuesday, marking a new milestone in the development of Google's upcoming update for the Android operating system (OS) that is used on over 3 billion active devices. With the release of the third beta, Android 15 has now reached 'platform stability' which means that developers can now integrate new features with their applications, well ahead of the release of Android 15, which is expected to roll out to Google's Pixel smartphones later this year. Android 15 Beta 3 rolling out to eligible Google Pixel phones Google is now rolling out Android 15 Beta 3 to its recent smartphone models starting with the Pixel 6, Pixel 6a, and Pixel 6 Pro up to the latest Pixel 8, Pixel 8a, and Pixel 8 Pro. Users can also install the Android 15 Beta 3 release on their Pixel Fold and Pixel Tablet. The latest beta release brings the June 2024 security patches, just like the stable version of Android 14 that was rolled out to users earlier this month with new features in tow. Meanwhile, Google Play Services has been updated to version 24.16.17 on Android 15 Beta 3. How Android 15 Could Introduce a More Immersive Spatial Audio Experience Android 15 Beta 3: What's new Unlike previous versions, Google has only listed one notable user facing feature improvement that is part of the Android 15 Beta 3 release. After updating to the third beta, users will be able to log in to apps with a single tap, using passkeys. Google says that Android 15 will present a card informing users that they can use their fingerprint or facial recognition to log in to apps, simplifying the login process. Another improvement arriving with Android 15 Beta 3 is the ability to see passkeys and 'Sign in with Google' options alongside saved logins in the suggestion row, above the keyboard. These options will also be displayed in a drop-down menu in password fields, according to the company. Meanwhile, 9to5Google spotted an improved wallpaper editor for the Pixel Fold that lets you preview both displays before applying a wallpaper, as well as a new adaptive screen timeout option that turns off the screen when not in use. Meanwhile, the latest beta release displays the full volume menu with no option to minimise it, and the screenshot preview is now displayed above the buttons on Android 15 Beta 3. Nothing Phone 2 Android 15 Beta Update Released: How to Download Android 15 Beta 3: How to download If you've enrolled your Google Pixel phone or tablet in the company's beta program, you should automatically receive an over-the-air update in the coming days, according to Google. If you want to check for the Android 15 Beta 3 update manually, you can open the Settings app, then tap on System > Software update > System update > Check for updates. After the update is installed, you'll need to reboot to complete the process. Android 15 to Offer Devices a Battery Life Boost by Up to 3 Hours: Report


Android 15 Beta 2 is Here With These Powerful Privacy, Security Features You can also flash factory images of the Android 15 Beta 3 update to your devices, or test the latest beta version in an emulator if you don't have a Pixel device handy. As beta updates are less stable than standard software releases, it is not advisable to install them on your primary device. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra Design Leaked in New Renders; Show Two Colourways, Round Dial" ,  Samsung is anticipated to unveil a premium Galaxy Watch Ultra model along with the Galaxy Watch 7 series and the next-generation foldable smartphones at its next Galaxy Unpacked event. Now, thanks to images shared by a well-known tipster, we have more details on the Galaxy Watch Ultra's likely design. This new model looks like the Apple Watch Ultra with a square-shaped case and an extra button. It is shown in two colour options. Prominent tipster Ice Universe has leaked the renders of the Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra on Weibo. The renders show the wearable in dark grey and silver colour options. Both colour variants feature a side-mounted orange button, matching the Apple Watch Ultra. Samsung is likely to call this digital crown as Quick Button. The purpose of this button is unclear but it could be designed to perform specific tasks quickly. The alleged renders of Galaxy Watch Ultra show a circular dial with a square frame around the display. It is shown in black and white strap options. The new renders are in line with previous leaks. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Watch 7 Ultra Tipped to Get 3nm Chipset, 32GB RAM Samsung is believed to take wraps off the Galaxy Watch Ultra at the company's rumoured Galaxy Unpacked event in July alongside the next Galaxy Z lineup of foldable phones and Galaxy Watch 7 series. The Galaxy Ring and Galaxy Buds are also expected to be revealed at the grand launch event. Samsung's Galaxy Watch Ultra is said to compete directly with the Apple Watch Ultra. A recent leak revealed that the wearable could cost anywhere between $699 (roughly Rs. 58,400) and $710 (roughly Rs. 59,200). The Galaxy Watch Ultra is tipped to be available in a 47mm size and is likely to run on Exynos W940 chipset. It could get a 590mAh battery and feature a sapphire crystal glass display with a peak brightness of 3,000 nits. It could get an IP68-rated build for dust and water resistance. Samsung Might Have Just Made Its Galaxy Watch Ultra Official    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro With MediaTek Dimensity 7300-Energy SoCs Launched Globally: Price, Specifications" ,  Oppo Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro were introduced in select global markets on Tuesday, weeks after their initial unveiling in China. The global variants of the handsets share some similarities with their Chinese counterparts. However, the global Oppo Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro are backed by MediaTek Dimensity 7300-Energy SoCs. In China, the Reno 12 lineup is backed by the MediaTek Dimensity 8250 Star Speed Edition SoC and a MediaTek Dimensity 9200+ Star Speed Edition chipset. The global variants of the handsets also come with several generative AI features including AI Studio and AI Summary. Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro price The Oppo Reno 12 is priced at EUR 499.99 (roughly Rs. 44,700) for the lone 12GB + 256GB option. Meanwhile, the Oppo Reno 12 Pro is listed at EUR 599.99 (roughly Rs. 53,700) for its 12GB + 512GB option. Oppo Reno 12 is available in Astro Silver and Matte Brown colour options, while the Pro variant is offered in Nebula Silver and Space Brown shades. Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro With 50-Megapixel Front Cameras Launched Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro specifications, features The global variants of the Oppo Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro sport 6.7-inch full-HD+ (2,412 x 1,080 pixels) curved OLED screens with up to 120Hz refresh rate and up to 1,200 nits of peak brightness level. The base option gets Corning Gorilla Glass 7i protection, while the Pro variant's display is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass Victus 2. Both Oppo Reno 12 variants are powered by MediaTek Dimensity 7300-Energy chipsets paired with 12GB of LPDDR4X RAM and 512GB of UFS 3.1 onboard storage. They ship with Android 14-based ColorOS 14.1. In the camera department, the Oppo Reno 12 is equipped with a 50-megapixel primary sensor alongside an 8-megapixel sensor with an ultra-wide lens and a 2-megapixel macro shooter at the back and a 32-megapixel sensor in the front. Meanwhile, the Oppo Reno 12 Pro has similar main and ultrawide cameras as the base model. The third camera on the Pro variant is a 50-megapixel telephoto shooter, while the handset's front camera holds a 50-megapixel sensor. Oppo Reno 12F 5G Price, Design Renders, Key Specifications Leaked


Oppo Reno 12F 5G May Launch Soon Globally, and in India The Oppo Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro pack 5,000mAh batteries with support for 80W wired SuperVOOC charging. The phones also offer 5G, Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.4, Beidou, GPS, GLONASS, Galileo, QZSS, and USB Type-C connectivity.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Retail Box Leak Suggests an AirPods Pro-Like Design" ,  Samsung Galaxy Buds 3's retail box was recently leaked and it appears to feature a major design change – the inclusion of stems, as per a report. The South Korean tech giant is expected to launch its TWS earbuds alongside its flagship foldable smartphones at a Galaxy Unpacked event that is rumoured to take place in July. This development corroborates previous suggestions by several tipsters claiming that Samsung may bring about a design overhaul to its TWS earbuds series this year. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 design Citing industry sources, 91Mobiles shared several images of the Galaxy Buds 3's retail box, and it appears to confirm that Samsung will include stems in the design of its TWS earbuds – an element similar to the Apple AirPods Pro. The box also carries an AKG branding, suggesting that Samsung's partnership with the acoustics engineering company is set to continue. At the back of the retail box, there appears to be a “Made in China” tag, along with several specifications of the TWS earbuds. This report corroborates a previous claim where a user shared an alleged screenshot of the Samsung Members app featuring new iconography of the earbuds on social media. Samsung Galaxy S25 Series Could Feature This Chipset on All Models This development also backs up claims by seasoned tipster Evan Blass who suggested that both, the Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 and Galaxy Buds 3 Pro, might incorporate stems – an element of design which has remained omitted from Samsung's flagship TWS earbuds till now. Galaxy Buds 3 specifications (Expected) The alleged retail box of the Galaxy Buds 3 also hint at their battery life. It is reported to offer up to 6 hours of playback on a single charge. However, the box does not mention whether it is with Active Noise Cancellation (ANC) turned on or off. If it is the former, it will better the battery life of its predecessor – the Galaxy Buds 2 – which promises up to 5 hours of music playback with ANC on. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Watch Ultra Prices Leak Online: Check Here


Samsung Galaxy Ring's Charging Case Renders Leak, Suggests Design The Galaxy Buds 3's retail box also claims to offer quick charging functionality, with one hour of playback from just 10 minutes of charging. As per the box, the TWS earbuds will also come with “adjustable secure-fit earhooks” and offer sweat and water resistance. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iQoo Z9 Turbo+ With MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ Chipset Tipped to Launch Soon" ,  iQoo Z9 series could soon be expanded with the addition of a new model, according to details shared by a tipster. The lineup currently comprises the iQoo Z9, iQoo Z9x and iQoo Z9 Turbo — these models were unveiled in April. Now, an iQoo Z9 Turbo+ model is said to be in the works and is likely to join the other handsets in the series. Details of the chipset that could power the handset have also leaked online. Given the "plus" in its moniker, it is likely to launch with higher specifications than the current Turbo model. iQoo Z9 Turbo+ launch, features (Rumoured) The purported iQoo Z9 Turbo+ is under development and may launch soon, according to a post on Weibo by tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) that has since been edited. Another Weibo account Mengder Digital (translated from Chinese) claims (via Gizmochina) that the Turbo+ model is expected to feature the high-end Dimensity 9300+ chipset that was launched by MediaTek last month. While there are no details of the rumoured Turbo+ model, we can speculate that this variant of the iQoo Z9 Turbo is likely to offer better specifications than the existing iQoo Z9 Turbo. iQoo Z9x First Impressions iQoo Z9 Turbo specifications The company's iQoo Z9 Turbo model is powered by a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset and runs on a 6,000mAh battery with 80W fast charging support. It sports a 6.78-inch 144Hz full-HD+ AMOLED screen and ships with Android 14-based OriginOS 4. iQoo Z9 Turbo, iQoo Z9, iQoo Z9x Launched: Check Price, Specifications


iQoo 13 Said to Get Periscope Telephoto Camera; More Key Features Tipped For optics, the iQoo Z9 Turbo includes a dual rear camera unit which includes a 50-megapixel new Sony LYT-600 primary sensor and an 8-megapixel sensor with an ultra-wide-angle lens. The front camera is equipped with a 16-megapixel sensor. It started in China at CNY 1,999 (roughly Rs. 23,000) for the 12GB+ 256GB option.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy – the Definitive Edition Has Hit 30 Million Downloads on Netflix Games: Report" ,  Netflix added Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy – The Definitive Edition to its game subscription service in December. Now, the rebooted trilogy of classic GTA titles from Rockstar Games has reportedly crossed 30 million downloads on Netflix Games. The trilogy, which bundles together the remastered versions of Grand Theft Auto III, Grand Theft Auto: Vice City, and Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, is available to all Netflix subscribers on iOS and Android. According to data compiled by mobilegamer.biz, GTA: San Andreas leads the pack with 20.5 million downloads to date, GTA: Vice City comes in second with 6.5 million downloads, and GTA 3 has been installed 3.3 million times for a combined 30.3 million downloads on Netflix Games service across iOS and Android. The numbers make the remastered trilogy “by far the biggest game series released” on the streamer's game subscription service, the report said. The report also detailed the share of downloads on iOS and Android devices. The three games have been downloaded a combined 23.1 million times on Apple devices, while the share of downloads from Google Play Store came in at about 7.2 million. Classic GTA Trilogy Now on Android, iOS Phones Via Netflix Games A sizable portion of these downloads came from India, with eight percent of San Andreas, 18 percent of Vice City and 12 percent of all GTA 3 installs coming from the country. Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy – The Definitive Edition was first released November 11, 2021, for PC and consoles. All three games were remastered to receive visual, gameplay and quality of life improvements. The trilogy pack arrived on Netflix Games service on December 14, 2023, and is available to Netflix subscribers at no additional cost via App Store, Google Play, and within the Netflix app. Netflix Games now boasts a growing catalogue of over 80 mobile games across genres and added acclaimed new mobile titles like Laya's Horizon and Oxenfree II: Lost Signals last year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Asus Vivobook S 15 With Snapdragon X Elite Chip Goes on Sale as Company's First Copilot+ PC" ,  Asus Vivobook S 15 was launched by the company last month at its "Next Level. AI Incredible." event, and the company's first Copilot+ PC is now available for purchase as one of the first consumer laptops to be equipped with advanced Windows AI features and powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon X Elite chipset. The device also sports an OLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate, and is claimed to offer up to 18 hours of battery life on a single charge. Asus Vivobook S 15 (2024, Copilot+) price, availability The Asus Vivobook S 15 (S5507) pricing starts at $1,299 (roughly Rs. 1,08,400) for the base model with 16GB of RAM and 1TB of storage, while the 32GB+1TB version is priced at $1,399 (roughly 1,16,700). The laptop is now available for purchase in the US, in a Cool Silver colourway. It is also expected to make its way to other markets in the future, including India. Microsoft Will Not Ship AI-Powered Recall With Copilot+ PCs Next Week Asus Vivobook S 15 (2024, Copilot+) specifications The company's first Copilot+ PC is powered by Qualcomm's Arm-based Snapdragon X Elite (X1E-78-100) chip that is equipped with 12 cores. It also features a Qualcomm Hexagon NPU with up to 75 total trillion operations per second (TOPS) and a Qualcomm Adreno GPU. The Vivobook S 15 is equipped with up to 32GB LPDDR5X of RAM and 1TB of SSD storage. It features a 15.6-inch 3K (2,880x1,620 pixels) Lumina OLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate, an 89 percent screen-to-body ratio, and up to 600 nits peak brightness. Asus says the display on the Vivobook S 15 has a Display HDR True Black 600 certification from VESA along with a TÜV Rheinland certification. Connectivity options on the Asus Vivobook S 15 include Wi-Fi 7 and Bluetooth 5.4. and it is equipped with a 3.5mm audio jack, a MicroSD card reader, and four ports — two USB 4.0 Gen 3 Type-C ports, two USB 3.2 Gen 1 Type-A, and a HDMI 2.1 port. It features a Full-HD infrared camera for video calls, and Harmon Kardon-certified speakers. It also has Asus' ErgoSense keyboard with support with a dedicated Copilot key. With Snapdragon X Elite, Qualcomm Looks to Break Intel, AMD's PC Hegemony


MediaTek Said to Be Designing Arm-Based Chip for Microsoft's AI Laptops


Microsoft’s AI-Powered Recall Gets These New Security Features


Intel Lunar Lake CPUs to Compete With Snapdragon X Elite, Apple's M4 Chip The Asus Vivobook S 15 is equipped with a 70Wh battery that can be charged at 90W. It is claimed to deliver up to 18 hours of battery life on a single charge. The laptop runs on Windows 11 out-of-the-box and will get Copilot+ features with future software updates, according to Asus. It measures 352.6x227x15.9mm and weighs 1.42kg. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo A3 Pro Price in India, Key Specifications, Live Images Leaked Online" ,  Oppo A3 Pro is expected to launch in India soon. The Indian variant of the handset is said to vastly differ from the phone's Chinese counterpart. Apart from different specifications, the design of the handset is also said to offer changes. A new report has hinted at the price range of the handset in India along with several key specifications. Notably, the Indian variant of the Oppo A3 Pro is expected to succeed the Oppo A79 5G. The Chinese version of the Oppo A3 Pro recently launched in India as the Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G. Oppo A3 Pro price in India, design (expected) The Oppo A3 Pro is expected to start in India at Rs. 17,999 for the base 8GB + 128GB option, while the 8GB + 256GB variant is priced at Rs. 19,999, according to a 91Mobiles report in collaboration with tipster Sudhanshu (@Sudhanshu1414).  The Oppo A3 Pro India variant leaked live images showing the design  The Indian variant of the Oppo A3 Pro was previously said to sport a very different design to that of the Chinese version. Instead of a circular rear camera module, the Indian handset could get a rectangular camera island. The new leak shows the front panel of the purported smartphone as well. The display is seen with thick bezels, a relatively thick chin, and a centred hole-punch slot at the top. Oppo A3 Pro Could Launch in India Soon; Might Look Like This Oppo A3 Pro specifications, features (expected) The Oppo A3 Pro in India is expected to come with the model number "CPH2666" and sport a 6.6-inch 120Hz LCD screen. It is said to be powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC paired with 8GB of RAM and 128GB of onboard storage. It could ship with Android 14-based Funtouch 14. For optics, the Oppo A3 Pro India variant is said to sport a 50-megapixel primary rear sensor alongside an 8-megapixel sensor with ultra-wide-angle lens. The front camera could be equipped with a 16-megapixel sensor. Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G With IP69 Rating Debuts in India: See Price


Oppo Reno 12F 5G Price, Design Renders, Key Specifications Leaked The Oppo A3 Pro is tipped to pack a 5,100mAh battery with support for 45W SuperVOOC flash charging in India. The leaked retail box of the handset also suggests that it will get a 360-degree damage-proof Armour body, as well as Splash touch support. The phone will reportedly be assembled at the company's Greater Noida facility.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Phone 1 Set to Launch Alongside Buds Pro 2, Watch Pro 2 on July 8: Details" ,  CMF Phone 1 – the first-ever smartphone by Nothing's sub-brand will launch on July 8, the company announced via a social media post on Tuesday. The next Community Update event is scheduled for July 8 where, alongside CMF Phone 1, the Carl Pei-led tech startup will also unveil two other offerings – the CMF Buds Pro 2 and the CMF Watch Pro 2. These devices join CMF Phone 1 to form the ecosystem of devices offered by the company. CMF Phone 1, Buds Pro 2, and Watch Pro 2 launch date In a post on X (formerly Twitter), the official CMF account revealed that CMF Buds Pro 2 and CMF Watch Pro 2 will join the Phone 1 in the list of devices launching soon. The launch is scheduled to take place during Nothing's upcoming Community Update on July 8 at 10am BST (2:30pm IST). A wonderful turn of events.Buds Pro 2 and Watch Pro 2 join Phone 1 in the new CMF by Nothing line-up.Learn everything at our next Community Update on 8 July 2024, 10:00 BST. pic.twitter.com/we04dldkBa— CMF by Nothing (@cmfbynothing) June 18, 2024 This development comes a few days after a leak surfaced, hinting at various specifications of the CMF Phone 1. Furthermore, the CMF Watch Pro 2 was reportedly spotted on the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) website, hinting at imminent launch in the country. While no specifications of any of the above-mentioned devices have been revealed, Nothing has teased a common design element that all three of them share – a rotating dial. CMF Phone 1 specifications and price (rumoured) The CMF Phone 1 is speculated to feature a 6.7-inch OLED display with a refresh rate of 120Hz. It is said to sport a 50-megapixel dual camera system at the back and a 50-megapixel selfie camera on the front, in terms of optics. According to a recent leak, the CMF Phone 1 could be powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 7300 SoC. It is said to be an octa-core chipset with four cores clocked at 2.5GHz and another four capped at 2.0GHz. Another tipster who goes by Technerd_9 claims that the smartphone may be offered in two UFS 2.2 storage variants: 128GB and 256GB. The handset may be backed by a 5,000mAh battery and have support for up to 33W fast charging (wired). Nothing CEO Carl Pei Reveals Nothing OS 3.0 Features, Release Date


CMF Phone 1 With Rotating Dial Teased; Buds 2, Watch Pro 2 May Also Debut


CMF Phone 1 Price Leaked, It May Cost This Much in India Meanwhile, another tipster suggested that the CMF Phone 1 may have a box price of Rs. 19,999. However, its actual price may be slightly less than the amount mentioned on the box, it is speculated. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Adobe Sued by US Government for Hiding Fees, Making It Difficult to Cancel Subscription" ,  The US government sued Adobe on Monday, accusing the Photoshop and Acrobat maker of harming consumers by concealing hefty termination fees in its most popular subscription plan, and making it difficult to cancel subscriptions. In a complaint filed in the San Jose, California, federal court, the Federal Trade Commission said Adobe buries the fees, which sometimes reach hundreds of dollars, and other important terms in its "annual paid monthly" subscription plan in the fine print, or behind textboxes and hyperlinks. According to the complaint, Adobe calculates early termination fees as 50 percent of the remaining payments when consumers cancel in their first year. Adobe Acrobat Is Getting Image Generation and Other AI Capabilities The FTC also said Adobe forces subscribers who want to cancel online to navigate unnecessarily through numerous pages, while those canceling by phone are often disconnected, are forced to repeat themselves to multiple representatives, and encounter "resistance and delay" from those representatives. Two Adobe executives are also defendants: David Wadhwani, the president of digital media business, and Maninder Sawhney, a senior vice president in digital sales. "Adobe trapped customers into year-long subscriptions through hidden early termination fees and numerous cancellation hurdles," said Samuel Levine, director of the FTC consumer protection bureau. "Americans are tired of companies hiding the ball during subscription signup and then putting up roadblocks when they try to cancel." Adobe Explores OpenAI Partnership as It Adds AI to Video Tools Dana Rao, Adobe's general counsel and chief trust officer, said the San Jose-based company will refute the FTC's claims in court. "Subscription services are convenient, flexible and cost effective to allow users to choose the plan that best fits their needs, timeline and budget," Rao said. "We are transparent with the terms and conditions of our subscription agreements and have a simple cancellation process." Subscriptions accounted for $4.92 billion, or 95 percent, of Adobe's $5.18 billion of revenue in the quarter ending March 1. The FTC accused Adobe of violating the Restore Online Shoppers' Confidence Act, a 2010 federal law barring merchants from imposing charges, including for automatic subscription renewals, unless they clearly disclose material terms and obtain customers' informed consent. Monday's lawsuit seeks civil penalties, an injunction against further wrongdoing, and other remedies. The case is U.S. v. Adobe Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, No. 24-03630. © Thomson Reuters 2024  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Coinbase Launches Initiative to Support Emerging Crypto Projects and Boost User Growth" ,  The crypto industry, currently valued at $2.36 trillion, is attracting entrepreneurs eager to experiment, especially with the emergence of Web3. Coinbase International has decided to step up as a foster for up-and-coming Web3 projects. The exchange, counted among the largest in the world, has announced the launch of its Pre-launch Market initiative. This will serve as a launchpad for upcoming crypto projects. Unlike venture firms that offer help through direct funding, Coinbase has chosen a way to help crypto startups while also bumping up the number of users on its International and Advanced platforms. Like an Initial Coin Offering, but different In an Initial Coin Offering (ICO), up and coming Web3 projects supply a bunch of its native crypto tokens for people to purchase as early adopters. This transaction brings funds to starving businesses and offer benefits as well as rewards to their holders. Crypto Exchanges in South Korea Said to Re-Examine Over 600 Tokens Meanwhile, with Pre-launch Markets, Coinbase will allow users to trade perpetual futures contracts on the native tokens of eligible crypto projects for similar outcomes, the exchange said in an official post. “Pre-launch markets significantly differ from standard perpetual futures markets. Pre-launch markets on Coinbase allow users to participate in price discovery for upcoming projects on a trusted and secure platform. When the underlying token is launched on applicable spot exchanges and the market meets our requirements for a standard perpetual future, Coinbase will begin converting the pre-launch market to a standard perpetual future,” the exchange explained. Coinbase is not launching this feature for all of its customers. Only institutional and retail investors will be able to access this service through Coinbase International and Coinbase Advanced respectively. The exchange has explained that trading on Pre-launch Markets comes with more risks, as unlaunched tokens can be volatile. Binance Co-Founder Asks Musk to Curb Fake Crypto News on X “Given the high-risk nature of pre-launch markets, these markets are more prone to lower liquidity, higher volatility and increased liquidation risk. Positions for pre-launch markets will not be assigned to participants of our Liquidity Support Program (LSP). As such, these markets will be at higher risk,” its blog noted. Rules governing Coinbase's Pre-Launch Market initiative The assets listed on Coinbase Pre-Launch Markets will be capped at an initial margin of 50 percent, or twice the leverage. The notional position limit has been capped at $50,000 (roughly Rs. 41.7 lakh) per token. “It is crucial to exercise caution and refrain from trading contracts that you are unfamiliar with or do not fully understand the associated risks. Coinbase will enforce strict leverage, position limits, and open interest caps on these markets,” its blog added. The company has also noted that there could be instances where some of these unlaunched tokens may never actually make it to real listings. Under this circumstance it said, “the pre-launch market would not be able to convert into a standard perpetual futures market, and the market may need to be suspended and/or delisted.” Binance, Bybit, Bitget, and OKX are other exchanges that reportedly offer similar services for upcoming crypto projects.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 6 Price in India Leaked Ahead of June 20 Launch" ,  Realme GT 6 is set to launch in India as well as globally on June 20. The smartphone will join the Realme GT 6T in the country, which was unveiled in May this year. The company has revealed several key details about the upcoming Realme GT 6 including its design, colour option and availability details. Realme has also confirmed some key features of the smartphone but is yet to announce the price. Ahead of the launch, the price of the Indian variant of the Realme GT 6 has leaked online. Realme GT 6 price in India (expected) The Realme GT 6 could start in India at Rs. 39,999 for the 8GB + 256GB option, without any launch offers, according to a Smartprix report. The report added that a higher 12GB + 256GB variant of the handset could be priced at Rs. 42,999, without any offers or discounts. The publication spotted the price of the handset briefly on the official website. At the time of writing, the Realme India microsite did not list the prices or the RAM and storage configuration details of the upcoming handset. Realme GT 6 Camera Gets Detailed Ahead of Debut Next Week Realme GT 6 specifications The Realme GT 6 will launch in India on June 20 at 1:30pm IST and will be available for purchase via Flipkart and the Realme India website. The phone is confirmed to come with a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset with up to 120Hz refresh rate and a 10,014mm square dual VC cooling system for heating management. The company also confirmed that the Realme GT 6 will be backed by a 5,500mAh battery with support for 120W SuperVOOC charging, that is claimed to charge the phone from zero to 100 percent in 28 minutes. Realme GT 6 Battery, Charging Speed Revealed Ahead of India Launch


Realme GT 6 Will Be Equipped With This Snapdragon Chipset in India In the camera department, the Realme GT 6 will include a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-808 primary rear sensor and a 50-megapixel telephoto sensor. It is also set to feature several AI-backed tools to assist image processing.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S25 Series Chipsets to Be Exclusively Supplied By Qualcomm, Analyst Says" ,  Samsung Galaxy S25 series is expected to be launched by the company in the coming months as the successor to the current generation Galaxy S24 lineup, and details of the processors expected to power these handsets have been revealed by an analyst at a market research firm. According to TF International Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, the South Korean smartphone maker is unlikely to use the next generation of its Exynos mobile processors on the purported Galaxy S25 series of smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S25 said to feature Snapdragon chipset In a post on X (formerly Twitter), Kuo claims that the rumoured Exynos 2500 SoC may not debut with the Samsung Galaxy S25 series, as the yield of its 3nm process technology is lower than the company anticipated. As a result, Qualcomm could end up being the only supplier for Samsung's next generation of smartphones that will succeed the flagship Galaxy S24 lineup that was introduced in January, according to the analyst. Qualcomm will likely be the sole SoC supplier for the Samsung Galaxy S25 (vs. 40% for the S24), as the Exynos 2500 may not ship due to Samsung's lower-than-expected 3nm yield.In addition to the significant increase in supply share, Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 will see a price…— 郭明錤 (Ming-Chi Kuo) (@mingchikuo) June 17, 2024 With no Exynos 2500 processors expected to debut on the Samsung Galaxy S25 series, Qualcomm could provide all the chipsets for the upcoming series, a massive increase from the existing lineup — only 40 percent of Galaxy S24 models globally feature a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC from the chipmaker. Qualcomm, TSMC to benefit from increase in demand Kuo also claims that Qualcomm would benefit from an increased demand for its flagship chipsets, as would Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) — the only chip manufacturer expected to supply the Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chip via its N3E node. According to the analyst, Qualcomm is expected to increase the cost of its next generation chip by 25 percent to 30 percent, a significant benefit for the US chipmaker. Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra May Get a New Colourway Soon


Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra US Variant Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website


Samsung May Introduce an Innovative Way to Check Time on Galaxy Phones


Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Could Feature UFS 4.1 Storage


Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Leaked Renders Show Wider Cover Screen This year, only Galaxy S24 and Galaxy S24+ models from Canada, China, Macau, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, and the US are equipped with Snapdragon chips. The Galaxy S24 Ultra features a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chip in all markets. In 2023, Samsung equipped all three models in the Galaxy S23 series with a Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 chipset, and next year's models are also expected to feature Snapdragon processors, as per the analyst. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Watch to Get the Ability to Change Default Ringtones With watchOS 11 Update: Report" ,  Apple's latest watchOS 11 update will finally let users change the default ringtone on their Apple Watch, according to a report. The Cupertino-based tech giant unveiled watchOS 11 – the latest operating system for its smartwatches at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10. The key highlights included a new Vitals app and more Smart Stack widgets. One of the features which Apple did not advertise but is said to be making its way to the Apple Watch is the ability to change the default ringtone. Change ringtones with watchOS 11 At present, Apple Watch users have only one ringtone without any option to change it. According to a 9to5Mac report, that is set to change with the upcoming update. With the watchOS 11 developer beta update, users can choose from eight different ringtones, including the two original ones: Pebbles (Cellular ringtone), Focus, Jingle (original ringtone), Nighthawk, Transmit, Twirl, Windup, and Wonder. In addition to changing ringtones, users are also reported to have the option to set tones for different alerts, notifications and reminders for text messages, emails, and more. Apple Watch to Gain Automatic Sleep Tracking Support With watchOS 11 While changing ringtones has now become possible, the report speculates that it still does now allow setting a specific ringtone for a user on the Apple Watch. Other unannounced features on watchOS 11 With watchOS 11, Apple is also reportedly bringing automatic sleep tracking to the Apple Watch. Prior to the update, Apple Watch tracked the sleep activity only when the Sleep Focus mode was toggled. Moreover, it is also said to bring a new Smart Stack widget for Shazam. Although the app was already available to Apple users via the App Store or through Siri, this new shortcut could potentially allow for even quicker music searches. Apple's iPhone 15 Gets Huge Price Cut on Flipkart: See New Price watchOS 11 compatibility The watchOS 11 developer beta update is already available to users and can be downloaded via the Apple Developer Program. Meanwhile, the public watchOS 11 updated will be available on Apple Watch Series 6 or later later this year, according to Apple. Apple May Be Working on a Slimmer iPhone 17, MacBook Pro and Apple Watch It will be compatible with Apple Watches that are paired with iPhone XR or later models running on iOS 18. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo T3 Lite 5G India Launch Timeline, Price, Key Features Leaked; Said to Get MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC" ,  Vivo T3 Lite 5G may launch soon in India. The phone has not yet been officially confirmed but some details about the rumoured smartphone have surfaced online. A recent report has suggested the launch timeline, possible price range, and some key features of the handset. The phone is expected to be a budget offering. It is likely to join the Vivo T3 5G, which was introduced in the country in March. The purported Vivo T3 Lite 5G may also carry a similar design as the Vivo T3 5G. Vivo T3 Lite 5G India launch timeline, price in India (expected) The Vivo T3 Lite 5G is likely to launch in India by the end of June, according to a 91Mobiles report. An official announcement regarding the launch could drop in the next few days. As per the report, the Vivo T3 Lite 5G is expected to be the company's most affordable 5G offering in the country. It could be priced at Rs. 12,000 and therefore, start in India at Rs. 11,999. This handset could compete with the likes of Realme Narzo N65 5G or Realme C65 5G. Vivo T3 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 7200 SoC Launched in India: See Price Vivo T3 Lite 5G features (expected) Vivo T3 Lite 5G is likely to feature a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC, similar to the Realme Narzo N65 5G and the Realme C65 5G. It is also expected to feature a 50-megapixel AI-backed Sony primary rear sensor alongside a secondary camera. Since it is a budget offering, the phone is also speculated to sport a waterdrop notch front camera slot. We should hear more about the phone in the coming days. The Vivo T3 Lite 5G is expected to get a similar design as that of the Vivo T3 5G handset. It could be launched in two colour options, as the vanilla model. Vivo T3x 5G With 6,000mAh Battery Goes Official With This Price Tag


Vivo Y58 5G to Launch in India on June 20, Design, Colours Teased Vivo T3 5G specifications, price in India Vivo T3 5G is powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 7200 SoC and packs a 5,000mAh battery with support for 44W wired fast charging. It sports a 6.67-inch 120Hz full-HD+ AMOLED screen, a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit, and a 16-megapixel front camera. The handset starts in India at Rs. 19,999 for the 8GB + 128GB option, while the 8GB + 256GB variant is priced at Rs. 21,999. It also comes in Cosmic Blue and Crystal Flake colour options.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Lords of the Fallen Sequel Set for Release in 2026, Will Be Epic Games Store Exclusive on PC" ,  Lords of the Fallen, the rebooted Soulslike action-RPG from 2023, is getting a sequel. Publisher CI Games has confirmed that the Lords of the Fallen sequel is in the works and is scheduled to arrive in 2026 on PC, PS5 and Xbox Series S/X. The game was revealed as part of a term sheet the publisher signed with Epic Games, that grants the Fortnite maker “exclusive worldwide distribution rights” to the sequel on PC. Lords of the Fallen sequel announced According to the binding term sheet, signed June 14, the Lords of the Fallen sequel will be exclusive to the Epic Games Store on PC for the entirety of its life cycle. The game, which doesn't yet have an official name and carries the working title “Project 3”, is set for a release in 2026. “The rights to the Game and the Series, including all intellectualproperty rights (IP), as well as the rights to publish and distribute the Game worldwide on all other platforms, including the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X|S platforms for which the Game is currently in development, will remain with the Company,” the term sheet said. Lords of the Fallen Reboot Gets Brutal Gameplay Trailer, Sets Release Date CI Games and Epic will continue to negotiate a detailed publishing agreement, which will be announced later, the term sheet said. Lords of the Fallen 2023 reboot Lords of the Fallen, built on Epic's Unreal Engine 5, released in October 2023 on PS5, Xbox Series S/X and PC, available via both Steam and Epic Games Store. The action-RPG, developed by Hexworks, served as a reboot of the 2014 game of the same name. According to CI Games, Lords of the Fallen sold 1 million copies worldwide within 10 days of launch. The games' sales reportedly surpassed 1.2 million units globally by the end of November 2023. Lords of the Fallen received its free 1.5 “Master of Fate” update in April, adding seven different game modifiers that allow players to tweak the game experience in distinct ways. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Crypto Exchanges in South Korea Said to Re-Examine Over 600 Tokens Listed for Trade" ,  The crypto exchanges operating in South Korea are said to be gearing up for an internal audit. As part of this process, over 600 cryptocurrencies will reportedly be re-examined to see whether they meet the regulatory standards laid out by Seoul. The aim is to protect South Korea's investor community as well as its financial ecosystem against risks posed by unregulated and volatile crypto assets. The exchanges will also conduct a maintenance review of their respective firms in order to identify any security or cyber threat that may be looming over their businesses, as per the report. South Korea to identify risky tokens A total of 29 crypto exchanges operate in South Korea, which include Upbit, Bithumb, Coinone, Korbit, and Gopax among others. The decision of these exchanges to conduct audits of the crypto tokens that are listed for trading on these exchanges is influenced by the Virtual Asset User Protection Act, that is set to go under implementation on June 19 in South Korea, a report by S.Korean publication Chosun said. Crypto Tax Evaders in Malaysia See Clampdown, Get Warning The crypto tokens that fail to meet the regulatory standards will reportedly be delisted by exchanges. The exchanges are then said to provide information about the delisting to their respective user communities. Crypto tokens listed less than six months ago are said to get a strict warning to adhere to the country's legal requirements before facing an expulsion from the trade lists. “We will allow virtual asset exchanges to review whether to maintain trading support for virtual asset items that have been trading for six months. It is inevitable that transaction support will be suspended for virtual asset items that do not meet the standards for maintaining transaction support,” the Chosun report quoted an anonymous source familiar with the matter. Process of Token review Crypto exchanges getting ready to conduct this internal probe have reportedly chalked out important points to cover in order to ensure that all crypto assets are safe for investors to engage with. Audits for these tokens will be conducted along the lines of security, technology level, regulatory compliance, transaction support, and past business history. Binance Co-Founder Asks Musk to Curb Fake Crypto News on X Transparency of virtual asset operation, market capitalisation, as well as total issuance and circulation volume are other parameters linked to over 600 tokens said to be analysed by exchanges. The exchanges will reportedly establish an alternate screening method for cryptocurrencies issued by decentralised organisations (DAOs) -- that may be difficult to be traded in South Korea. Furthermore, the Virtual Asset User Protection Act in South Korea directs all exchanges to conduct internal maintenance reviews every three months. South Korea cracking down on risky crypto habits The Asian nation has been rather pro-crypto in its approach towards the digital assets sector despite the risks linked to it. With South Korean banks stepping into metaverse ecosystems to authorities approving licences for crypto firms looking to set up shop there – the nation has taken many pro-Web3 steps. The nation categorised blockchain-based tokens as ‘Securities' back in February 2023, bringing them under its Securities laws. It is however, notable, that the government there has remained vigilant in terms of overseeing industry players that are engaged with the virtual assets sector. In April 2022, the authorities conducted investigations on exchanges like KuCoin and Coinex to check if their operations were legal or not. In January 2024, the South Korean authorities reportedly said that the purchase of cryptocurrencies through credit cards could soon be banned in South Korea.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Gemini App Now Available in India With Chatbot Support for 9 Indian Languages" ,  Google Gemini app – the artificial intelligence (AI) conversational chatbot developed by the company – is now available in India, CEO Sundar Pichai announced on Tuesday. The app, which Google first launched in February for the US, grants users access to the capabilities of Gemini – Google's family of Large Language Models (LLMs). It is making the app available to users in English as well as nine Indian languages. Furthermore, Google is also rolling out the support for these languages to Gemini Advanced. Gemini app now in India In a blog post, Google announced that the Gemini app is now available on the Google Play Store in India. It will support 10 languages in total: English, Hindi, Bengali, Gujarati, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu. To get access to the AI chatbot, users can either download the Gemini app, or opt-in through Google Assistant. Google CEO Sundar Pichai made the announcement through a post on X (formerly Twitter). Furthermore, Gemini Advanced – the LLM under the Google One subscription with a larger token context window – is also getting an upgrade, Google said. It will leverage the power of Gemini 1.5 Pro in English as well as the same nine Indian languages which the Gemini app supports. Adobe Acrobat Is Getting Image Generation and Other AI Capabilities Using Gemini Advanced, users can now upload up to 1,500-page documents or 100 emails and ask the AI chatbot to summarise them. It will also provide insights based on the content. Google says Gemini Advanced can now “clean, explore, analyse, and visualise your data” from spreadsheets created in Google Sheets, CSVs or Excel. The company says these files are not used to train the AI models and remain private to the user. While the Gemini app is being introduced for Android users in India via the Google Play Store, iOS users will only be able to access it via the Google app. Milestone Systems Launches Experience Centre in India, AI VSaaS System


Shutterstock ImageAI Will Let Users Generate Images With Text Prompts Gemini in Google Messages Google also announced that it is introducing Gemini in the Google Messages app in India. While this feature was already available to users outside the country, Indian users can now have conversations with the AI chatbot in the Messages app. This feature is being rolled out to select devices, with the prerequisite being an Android handset with 6GB RAM or higher. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Motorola Edge 50 Ultra With 6.7-Inch Curved Display, Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Motorola Edge 50 Ultra was launched in India on Tuesday as the top-of-the-line model in the company's Edge series of smartphones. The handset runs on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset and features a 6.7-inch pOLED screen with a 144Hz refresh rate. It has a triple rear camera setup that includes a 64-megapixel telephoto with 3x optical zoom. It is equipped with a 4,500mAh battery that can supports 125W wired charging and 50W wireless charging and has an IP68 rating, according to the company. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra price in India, availability Motorola Edge 50 Ultra price in India is set at Rs. 59,999 and the handset is available in a 12GB+512GB RAM and storage configuration. It will be sold in Darkest Spruce, Peach Fuzz, and Sheer Bliss colour options via the company's website and Flipkart. As part of an introductory offer, the Motorola Edge 50 Ultra is available at a discounted price of Rs. 49,999, which is inclusive of an Rs. 5,000 instant bank discount on HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank card transactions. Motorola Razr 50 Series Launch Date Confirmed; Here's When It Will Arrive Motorola Edge 50 Ultra specifications, features The dual SIM (Nano) Motorola Edge 50 Ultra runs on Android 14 along with the company's new Hello UI. It sports a 6.7-inch 1.5K (1,220x2,712 pixels) LTPS pOLED screen with ha 144Hz refresh rate, Gorilla Glass Victus protection, support for HDR10+ content, and up to 2500nits peak brightness. The Motorola Edge 50 Ultra is powered by an octa-core Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset paired with 12GB LPDDR5X RAM. You get 512GB of UFS 4.0 storage that cannot /0.be expanded. For photos and videos, the Motorola Edge 50 Ultra is equipped with a 50-megapixel primary camera with a f/1.6 aperture and omni-directional phase detection autofocus (PDAF) and optical image stabilisation (OIS). It also features a 50-megapixel ultra-wide angle camera with a 122-degree field-of-view and f/2.0 aperture, as well as a 64-megapixel telephoto camera with 3x optical zoom and f/2.4 aperture. It also has a 50-megapixel camera on the front that can be used for video calls and capturing selfies. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra Will Let You Generate AI Images With Magic Canvas Connectivity options on the Motorola Edge 50 Ultra include 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.4, NFC, GPS, and a USB Type-C port. Sensors on board the handset include an accelerometer, gyroscope, ambient light sensor, compass, as well as ambient light and proximity sensors. For biometric authentication, the Motorola Edge 50 Ultra is equipped with an in-display fingerprint scanner, and also offers support for a face unlocking feature. It comes with the company's Moto Secure and ThinkShield security features. Motorola Edge 2024 With Customisable Quick Button Debuts: See Price


Motorola Razr 50 Spotted on These Certification Websites Ahead of Debut


Moto G04s With 50-Megapixel Rear Camera Launched in India: See Price The Motorola Edge 50 Ultra packs a 4,500mAh battery with support for 125W TurboPower charging, 50W wireless charging, and 10W reverse wireless charging. Motorola claims the handset offers up to 40 hours of battery life on a single charge. The handset has an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance. It measures 161.09x 72.38 x 8.59mm and weighs 197g. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "YouTube May Soon Allow Users to Add ‘Notes’ Below Videos, Similar to X’s Community Notes" ,  YouTube may be getting ready to introduce a new and experimental feature that lets users add ‘notes' below videos, according to the company. This feature is speculated to work along the same lines as the Community Notes feature on X (formerly Twitter). With this feature, YouTube aims to add more context to the existing content on its platform, such as letting the user know if something is a parody or an old video taken out of context – a measure to combat misinformation. Notes on YouTube In a blog post, the video-streaming platform announced that with the inclusion of notes, it aims to provide easy-to-understand context on videos. “For example, this could include notes that clarify when a song is meant to be a parody, point out when a new version of a product being reviewed is available, or let viewers know when older footage is mistakenly portrayed as a current event”, it said.  Notes on YouTubePhoto Credit: YouTube The feature is being introduced as an experimental pilot project in English in the US. Eligible contributors will receive an invite over email or a notification via the Creator Studio, to test it before it is widely rolled out. It is said to work along the same lines as the Community Notes feature on X. According to YouTube, users will find a new Add note option below the video. Next, they can use the textbox to provide more context and then hit Send. The note published will not display the creator's name and will be anonymous, the company added. How It Works After submission, the note will be reviewed by other third-party evaluators, a move that will help train YouTube's systems, the company said. Three options will be provided: helpful, somewhat helpful and unhelpful. A bridging-based algorithm will then be used to determine which notes to publish. If the note is rated as helpful by several people, it will be displayed below a video. Once the project moves out of the pilot phase, contributors themselves will also be able to rate notes, as per YouTube. YouTube Said to Be Testing a New Way to Disrupt Ad Blockers: How It Works


You Might Soon See This AI Feature in YouTube Shorts on Mobile


Google Chrome Will Now Be Able to Read Webpages Aloud on Android To make sure the note is considered helpful, users can add citations, use high-quality sources and directly address the claims made. Furthermore, using neutral and easy-to-understand language may help. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Nintendo Direct Set for June 18, Will Feature Nintendo Switch Games Coming Second Half of 2024" ,  Nintendo is back with a Direct presentation that will feature the slate of Nintendo Switch titles coming to the hybrid console this year. The Nintendo Direct showcase will be livestreamed Tuesday, June 18, at 7am PT (7.30pm IST). The show will be roughly 40 minutes long and will focus on Nintendo Switch games arriving in 2024. The Nintendo Direct presentation arrives days after the Xbox Games Showcase, where Microsoft provided updates on its first-party titles. The Direct presentation will not provide any updates on the Nintendo Switch successor, set to launch next year, the company confirmed in its X post. The show will only feature Nintendo Switch games coming in the second half of 2024. Join us for a #NintendoDirect livestream focused on #NintendoSwitch games coming in the second half of 2024! There will be no mention of the Nintendo Switch successor during this presentation.📅 June 18🕓 7:00 AM PT⏳ Roughly 40 minutesWatch it here: https://t.co/rYjTHHpayb pic.twitter.com/uAs6JYu31A— Nintendo of America (@NintendoAmerica) June 17, 2024 The June edition of Nintendo Direct was first confirmed in May when Shuntaru Furukawa, president of Nintendo, provided an update on the successor to the Nintendo Switch console for the first time. “This is Furukawa, President of Nintendo. We will make an announcement about the successor to Nintendo Switch within this fiscal year. It will have been over nine years since we announced the existence of Nintendo Switch back in March 2015,” Furukawa had said on May 7. “We will be holding a Nintendo Direct this June regarding the Nintendo Switch software lineup for the latter half of 2024, but please be aware that there will be no mention of the Nintendo Switch successor during that presentation.” This will be the third Nintendo Direct presentation of the year after the company hosted a Partner Showcase and an Indie World Showcase in February and April, respectively. The Direct presentation set to air today, however, will be the longest of the year, with roughly 40 minutes' worth of announcements. Nintendo Switch 2 Will Be Announced by End of March 2025, Company Confirms .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Additionally, ahead of Nintendo Direct, legendary game director Shigeru Miyamato announced the Japanese release date for the new Super Mario animated movie in Japan. The sequel to the successful The Super Mario Bros. Movie, first announced during Nintendo's Mario Day broadcast on March 10, will release in Japan on April 24, 2026, days after its US release. Nintendo Switch 2 Will Reportedly Come With Magnetic Joy-Con Controllers 宮本です。今晩はNintendo Directの放送がありますが、その前にひとつお知らせをさせてください。スーパーマリオの新たなアニメ映画の日本での公開日が2026年4月24日に決まりました。楽しい映画になるように、イルミネーションのチームと一緒に取り組んでいますので、引き続き楽しみにしてください。— 任天堂株式会社 (@Nintendo) June 18, 2024 Nintendo Direct will be livestreamed on the official Nintendo of America YouTube channel at 10am ET (7.30pm IST) on Tuesday, June 18.  What are the most exciting titles that gamers can look forward to in 2023? We discuss some of our favourites on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "JBL Live Beam 3 With Smart Charging Case, Hi-Res Audio Support Launched in India" ,  JBL Live Beam 3 was launched in India on Tuesday, months after the truly wireless stereo (TWS) headset was unveiled at CES 2024. It offers support for active noise cancellation using six microphones, and Hi-Res Audio playback with JBL Spatial Sound. The wireless headset features a Smart Charging Case with a 1.45-inch touch screen that offers volume and equaliser controls, along with support for viewing messages and taking phone calls. JBL claims that the Live Beam 3 can deliver up to 12 hours of playback on a single charge, while the case can be charged wirelessly. JBL Live Beam 3 price in India, availability JBL Live Beam 3 price in India is set at Rs. 24,999, according to a press release issued by the company. However, the Amazon listing for the product currently lists the device at Rs. 13,999. The JBL Live Beam 3 is available in Black, Blue, and Silver colour options. In addition to Amazon, the headset is currently listed on the JBL India and Harman Audio websites. The company's website is offering a flat 10 percent discount (up to Rs. 5,000) on Axis Bank credit card EMI transactions. Realme Buds Air 6 Pro India Launch Date, Design, Key Features Revealed JBL Live Beam 3 specifications The JBL Live Beam 3 is equipped with 10mm dynamic drivers. It offers active noise cancellation as well as True Adaptive Noise Cancellation that uses six microphones for improved performance, as well as a smart ambient sound mode. The TWS headset also supports JBL's Spatial Sound technology. One of the most notable features on the JBL Live Beam 3 is the Smart Charging Case that sports a 1.45-inch touch screen. The case lets you control a range of settings, practically eliminating the need to use the companion app on a smartphone. The TWS headset offers support for the standard Bluetooth codec (SBC) as well as Sony's LDAC codec for Hi-Res audio playback over Bluetooth 5.3 (earphones) and Bluetooth 5.1 (case) connections. It also supports Bluetooth multipoint connectivity and has an IP55 rating for dust and splash resistance. Marshall Minor IV With Bluetooth Multipoint Support Launched in India


AirPods Pro 2 Get New Siri Interactions, Voice Isolation Features


Honor Earbuds X7 With Up to 40 Hours Battery Life Launched: See Price


Apple Announces Beats Solo Buds Sale Date; Confirms Offline Availability The JBL Live Beam 3 earphones are equipped with 68mAh batteries, while the charging case packs a 680mAh battery. The company claims that the headset delivers up to 12 hours with ANC off, up to 10 hours and 9 hours with ANC on and True Adaptive ANC on, respectively. The charging case offers an additional 36 hours of playback (with ANC off) and takes two hours for a full charge. It measures 61x51x30.25mm and weighs 72g. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Adobe Acrobat Gets Image Generation, Other AI-Powered Features With Firefly Image 3 Model Integration" ,  Adobe introduced a slew of new artificial intelligence (AI) features for Acrobat, its PDF editing software on Monday. These features are powered by the Adobe Firefly Image 3 foundation model – the third iteration of the company's in-house text-to-image generation model. Following its integration, users will not only be able to leverage AI to enhance images, but also generate them with text-based prompts in the app. In addition to the image-generation capabilities, Adobe also rolled out an insights feature for documents as well as the ability to summarise meetings. AI features in Acrobat In a post on the newsroom, Adobe unveiled the integration of Firefly Image 3 in Acrobat. With this, users can leverage the Edit Image option to make use of Firefly-powered Generative Fill, Remove Background, Erase and Crop features. The company claims these can “add, remove and revitalize content” in documents. Furthermore, Image 3 also lets users generate images via text-based prompts in documents. Images can be added to any part of the document and can be adjusted for size and style. Notably, Adobe rolled out similar features for Photoshop, its image-editing software in April. Adobe Makes it AEP AI Assistant Generally Available to Businesses As per the company, Adobe Firefly is trained on licensed content, including moderated Adobe Stock content and public domain images where the copyright has expired. To distinguish between real images and AI-generated images, Adobe claims to follow the Coalition for Content Provenance and Authenticity (C2PA) open standard, requiring Makers to add an AI label and include details about its creation process within the image metadata. The AI Assistant, which uses generative AI to offer responses to document-related queries, is also getting additional features. Starting today (June 18), it can offer insights into the document, such as identifying trends, answering questions, and synthesising and formatting information from different sources. Adobe says its AI Assistant can not only respond but also provide citations with it, making it easy for the user to quickly navigate to the relevant point without having to go through the entire document. Shutterstock ImageAI Will Let Users Generate Images With Text Prompts


These Apple Intelligence Features Might Not Come to Your iPhone Till 2025 Adobe also introduced enhanced meeting transcript capabilities for the AI Assistant. Leveraging AI, it can now automatically create generative summaries for virtual meetings. This lets users stay up to speed with the topics of discussion and key actions, as per the company. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "NASA to Reportedly Launch an 'Artificial Star' Satellite to Help Astronomers Study the Cosmos" ,  NASA is preparing for a new mission, dubbed Landolt Space Mission, by the end of the decade, that will place a satellite which will function just like an artificial star. The main objective of the mission is to improve the precision of ground-based telescopes, increasing our knowledge of the Universe. The satellite will launch in early 2029 and will be about the size of a loaf of bread. The lab will house eight lasers that will provide everything from the light of stars to that of a supernova. This satellite will function as a new calibration technique for astronomers to fine-tune their telescopes and other instruments in observatories. This will enable them to take more accurate measurements of real celestial objects. The artificial star satellite will be placed 35,785 kilometres above Earth. This distance will allow it to sit in a geosynchronous orbit, which will be stationary when viewed from the Earth. According to a newsroom post by George Mason University, the principal investigator for the mission, Peter Plavchan said that the distance is intended to make the satellite appear like a real star. Further, the geosynchronous positioning will keep placed over the US in the first year, enabling better observation by NASA and other independent observatories in the country. NASA to Provide Training to Indian Astronauts for Joint Mission to ISS The artificial star will be invisible to the naked eye but will be easily detectable by typical telescopes that use digital cameras to capture images. If adopted, such a setup could help astronomers hone in on changes in stellar luminosity and related attributes with increased precision. Named after Arlo Landolt, a key player in creating stellar brightness catalogs, the mission was approved by NASA in February and disclosed to the public on June 10. The effort, the company says, would require 30 people and have an approximate price tag of $19,500,000 (roughly Rs. 162.8 crore). The Landolt Space Mission is a breakthrough in space exploration. As a more constant and well-known sky 'landmark' it will allow scientists to better calibrate their methods and secure more exact data with every observation -- effectively revealing more of the mystery of the cosmos. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo Reno 12F 5G Price, Design Renders, Key Specifications Leaked; Said to Get AI Features" ,  Oppo Reno 12F 5G is expected to launch globally alongside the Oppo Reno 12 5G series on June 18. The purported handset has previously been spotted on several certification sites and some key features of the phone surfaced online in leaks. The design renders of this rumoured smartphone have now been shared in a report, which has also suggested its price and key specifications. It is expected to succeed the Oppo Reno 11F 5G, which was unveiled in February this year. Oppo Reno 12F 5G price, design (expected) The Oppo Reno 12F 5G is likely to go on sale in select markets starting June 18, alongside the Oppo Reno 12 5G and the Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G, according to a PassionateGeekz report. The phone is tipped to be available in a single RAM and storage configuration of 8GB + 256GB which is likely to be priced at EUR 329.99 (roughly Rs. 29,500). Leaked design renders shared in the report showed the purported Oppo Reno 12F 5G in two colour options - green and orange. The phone appears with a circular rear camera module that holds three camera sensors and a Halo Light unit. The Halo Light feature can be customised to indicate gaming mode, charging status, message alerts, as well as incoming calls, according to the report. Oppo Reno 12F 5G, Reno 12F 4G Price Range, Key Specifications Tipped Oppo Reno 12F 5G specifications, features (expected) The Oppo Reno 12F 5G is expected to sport a 6.67-inch full-HD+ AMOLED 2.5D screen with a refresh rate of 120Hz, a touch sampling rate of 240Hz, a peak brightness level of 600 nits, 100 percent DCI-P3 colour coverage, and AGC DT-Star 2 protection. As per the report, the Oppo Reno 12F 5G will be powered by MediaTek Dimensity 6300 Energy SoC paired with 512GB of UFS onboard storage and 12GB of LPRRR4X RAM. The handset is said to be backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for 45W SuperVOOC charging. In the camera department, the Oppo Reno 12F 5G is tipped to carry a triple rear camera unit with a 50-megapixel OmniVision OVD50D primary sensor alongside an 8-megapixel IMX355 sensor paired with an ultra-wide lens and a 2-megapixel macro shooter. The front camera is said to use a 32-megapixel sensor. Oppo Reno 12 Series Will Be Launched in Global Markets on This Date


Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro With 50-Megapixel Front Cameras Launched The report also added that the Oppo Reno 12F 5G will be packed with several AI features like AI Eraser that can help remove unwanted people or objects from photos. It will also have AI Smart Image Matting and AI Studio tools which help users make stickers and turn portraits into art. Meanwhile, the AI LinkBoost and AI BeaconLink features are said to optimise connectivity of the handset which is likely to allow users to make phone calls without a SIM card.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel 9 Pro XL’s Listing on Geekbench; Tensor G4 May Offer Minor Improvement, Come with 16GB RAM" ,  Google Pixel 9 Pro XL has been spotted on a Geekbench listing powered by an octa-core processor. The smartphone series is expected to launch globally later this year, replacing the Pixel 8 lineup. However, the tech giant is speculated to shake up the trend it set in previous years by launching three smartphones this year – the Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, and the Pixel 9 Pro XL, the latter of which is likely to be an all-new inclusion. Its recent listing on Geekbench suggests the moniker and sheds light on some specifications such as the RAM and benchmark scores. Google Pixel 9 Pro XL on Geekbench The Pixel 9 Pro XL was listed on Geekbench on June 17, just days after the Pixel 9's listing surfaced. It is speculated to be the first-ever mention of the Pixel 9 Pro XL moniker. The smartphone is reported as having a "komodo" motherboard based on Arm architecture and a "sched_pixel" governor. As per the listing, the handset has 16GB RAM and runs on Android 14. Furthermore, it is said to be powered by an octa-core processor with a primary core operating at 3.10 GHz, three mid-cores operating at 2.60 GHz, and four cores capped at 1.95 GHz. Notably, leaks have suggested that this chip may be the Google Tensor G4 SoC. Google Chrome Will Now Be Able to Read Webpages Aloud on Android The listing shows 1,950 points in single-core testing and 4,655 points in multi-core testing, which is slightly better than Pixel 8 Pro's 1,751 and 4,384 single and multi-core scores respectively. Google Pixel 9 Pro XL specifications (expected) The Google Pixel 9 Pro XL is said to feature a 6.73-inch AMOLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate. It may ship with Android 15 and Tensor G4 SoC and have 16GB RAM and 128GB in-built storage. As per a previous report, it may ditch the visor-shaped camera module in favour of a pill-shaped bar. Google Pixel 9 Tensor G4 Scores Lower than Tensor G3 on Geekbench Tests


Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 Listed on Geekbench; May Get a 12GB RAM Variant Live images of the Pixel 9 series were leaked online a few months ago which hint at a matte back and glossy frame. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp Rolling Out New Default Media Quality Setting Feature for Android Users" ,  WhatsApp for Android is receiving a new feature that lets users set the default media upload quality setting. This feature was reported to be in development for some time and was first spotted by a feature tracker in March in WhatsApp for Android version 2.24.5.6. The feature is now being rolled out to the public. Notably, WhatsApp introduced several new updates to the Video calling feature recently that improve the service on both mobile and desktop apps. WhatsApp Default Media Quality setting First spotted by Android Police, WhatsApp for Android now lets users set the default media upload quality. This means they can set the default quality setting to HD, without having to toggle it every time they share an image or video with someone on WhatsApp. The new toggle is located in the settings option under Storage and Data  in WhatsApp. Gadgets 360 staff members were able to verify the availability of this feature in the latest stable WhatsApp for Android.  Default Media Quality Setting on WhatsApp  As visible in the screenshot, the feature is available in the form of a new Media Upload Quality option which presents two choices: Standard quality – Faster to send smaller file size HD quality – Slower to send, can be 6 times larger Feature tracker WABetaInfo suggested that WhatsApp was testing this feature in March. However, it was not available even to beta testers at that time, as per the claims. WhatsApp Channel analytics WhatsApp for Android is said to be testing a new channel analytics feature. It was reported to be seen in the app version 2.24.13.10. This feature is speculated to offer analytics to WhatsApp channel owners along with metrics such as net follows and the number of accounts reached. It is said to offer insights into audience engagement and the performance of the WhatsApp channel. Google Chrome Will Now Be Able to Read Webpages Aloud on Android


Bewakoof Partners With Google Cloud to Offer Custom T-Shirt Designs


Google Reportedly Brings Pixel’s Magic Editor to Samsung Phones As per the feature tracker, it is still in development and has not been rolled out to beta testers yet. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple iPhone 15 Price in India Drops During Flipkart Mega June Bonanza Sale: Check New Price, Specifications" ,  Apple iPhone 15 price in India has dropped once again, as part of an ongoing sale event on Flipkart. Customers can purchase Appe's latest iPhone model via the e-commerce platform at a deeply discounted rate during the Mega June Bonanza sale that is scheduled to conclude later this week. While this is not the lowest iPhone 15 price drop in India to date, the online retailer is also offering an exchange discount as well as an additional discount on bank cards that further lowers the cost of the iPhone 15 in India. iPhone 15 price in India during Flipkart's Mega June Bonanza sale iPhone 15 price in India is now Rs. 67,999, as part of Flipkart's Mega June Bonanza sale. The iPhone 15 discount has been applied to all five colourways — Black, Blue, Green, Pink, and Yellow — for the base model with 128GB of inbuilt storage. Apple launched the iPhone 15 in India priced at Rs. 79,990 in September 2023. You can also exchange their existing smartphone and lower the iPhone 15 price in India by an additional Rs. 55,000. However, it's worth noting that you would need to exchange a very valuable device in good condition in order to avail of the maximum exchange discount. iPhone 15 Pro’s Action Button Will Offer More Functionalities With iOS 18 Similarly, you can also make a non-EMI transaction using eligible bank credit cards to avail of an additional discount worth Rs. 1,000 during the Mega June Bonanza sale on Flipkart. It's worth noting that the price of the iPhone 15 on Flipkart previously dropped to Rs. 65,999 in April, which makes this the second lowest price drop for the handset on the e-commerce platform. At the time, Flipkart also offered an additional Rs. 1,000 discount on Google Pay UPI transactions on the platform.  Photo Credit: Screenshot/ Flipkart  iPhone 15 specifications Apple's current-generation iPhone 15 runs on iOS 17, just like the company's other three handsets in the iPhone 15 series. The handset runs on Apple's A16 Bionic chip, which also powered the iPhone 14 Pro models from 2022. The iPhone 15 sports a 6.1-inch Super Retina XDR OLED screen and is the first non Pro model to be equipped with Apple's Dynamic Island instead of a display notch. Apple Reveals Minimum Length of Software Support for iPhone 15 Lineup


These Apple, Samsung Phones Were the Best-Selling Handsets in Q1 2024 There's a 48-megapixel primary camera with an f/1.6 aperture for capturing photos and recording videos, along with a 12-megapixel ultra-wide angle camera with an f/2.4 aperture. On the front, the iPhone 15 features a 12-megapixel selfie camera. The phone packs a 3,349mAh battery that can be charged using a 20W charger that must be purchased separately, as Apple no longer ships one with its smartphones. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Milestone Systems Launches First Experience Centre in India, Unveils AI-Powered Video Surveillance System" ,  Milestone Systems, a Denmark-based video solutions company, has opened its first experience centre in India. This makes it the third such facility by the company to be opened in the Asia-Pacific (APAC) region. The company also unveiled Milestone Kite, a Video Surveillance as a Service (VSaaS) software, which offers features such as visitor tracking and artificial intelligence (AI) analytics. This is an enterprise-focused offering aimed at businesses with multiple locations and a small number of cameras installed in each premise. Milestone Systems open Experience Centre in India In a press release (via Analytics India Magazine), the Denmark-based video solution firm announced the launch of its first experience centre which is located in Bengaluru. The experience centre follows Milestone Systems' three offices in Mumbai, Delhi, and Bangalore. The company's latest move is said to expand its presence in the Indian market. The new experience centre, which is only the third such facility by the company in the APAC region, offers an interactive space for visitors to observe and explore new-age innovation in the video technology space. The company notably uses these technologies in manufacturing automation, data centre security, and healthcare safety industries. In the press release, the company said the launch aligns with the country's Viksit Bharat 2047 initiative. Shutterstock ImageAI Will Let Users Generate Images With Text Prompts With its new foray in India, Milestone Systems aims to support India's economic development in verticals such as automobile manufacturing, smart cities, critical infrastructure, and data centres. It claimed that its video solutions can help create more secure spaces in sensitive locations such as schools and hospitals. The technology can also improve infrastructure efficiency, the company added. Milestone Kite, a VSaaS software, unveiled Apart from launching the experience centre, the company also announced the launch of Milestone Kite, a VSaaS software designed for enterprises. Compatible with more than 25,000 devices across the globe, Milestone Kite is a cloud-based software that can be integrated into the security system of businesses of different sizes and structures. However, the company highlights that it is best suited for companies with multiple locations and a small number of security cameras. These Apple Intelligence Features Might Not Come to Your iPhone Till 2025


Bewakoof Partners With Google Cloud to Offer Custom T-Shirt Designs Milestone Kite can function even with limited IT support and with limited bandwidth. The company claims it can also offer support in locations where on-site gateway devices cannot be installed. In terms of offerings, it offers real-time incident reporting, visitor tracking, and AI-based analytics. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Crypto Tax Evaders in Malaysia See Clampdown, Get Warning From Authorities" ,  The authorities in Malaysia are said to be cracking down on crypto tax evaders. As part of a special investigation codenamed ‘Ops Token', officials from the Malaysian federal agency Inland Revenue Board (IRB) reportedly conducted raids at multiple locations having identified firms that were not reporting their crypto-related engagements. Through these taxes, the Malaysian administration much like India, is trying to maintain a trail of crypto-related financial transactions which otherwise are largely anonymous and could be exploited for unlawful activities. The IRB is said to have joined forces with the Royal Malaysia Police as well as with CyberSecurity Malaysia (CSM) to identify tax evaders. A team of 38 security personnel were part of the team that conducted raids across ten locations situated in the Klang Valley, a report from The Malaysian Reserve said over the weekend. In Malaysia, cryptocurrencies are said to be categorised as securities. While cryptocurrencies are not considered as payment options, their trading is allowed in Malaysia. Crypto-related businesses functioning in the country however, do fall under the nation's tax regime. Binance Co-Founder Asks Musk to Curb Fake Crypto News on X As per Statista, Malaysia's cryptocurrency market is projected to reach the valuation of $306.6 million (roughly Rs. 2,556 crore) in revenue by the end of 2024. Statista also estimates that currently three million Malaysian residents are active in the crypto space. The authorities there are trying to curb cases of tax evasion in the nation overall. In March, the Malaysian Prime Minister Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim reportedly instructed the authorities to clampdown on tax evaders. His direction to conduct audits of crypto-engaged companies and take action against the defaulters came after Malaysia reportedly lost RM 6.34 billion or $1.3 billion (roughly Rs. 11,222 crore) to tax evasion. Binance is Training Macau Police in Web3-Related Offenses In Malaysia, the punishment for evading taxes can be a penalty of up to RM 20,000 0r $4,237.74 (roughly Rs. 3.53 lakh) as well as up to six months in prison. Previously, Malaysia had cracked down on crypto miners in order to prevent electricity being stolen for mining operations.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo Y58 5G to Launch in India on June 20, Design, Colours Teased" ,  Vivo Y58 5G is set to launch in India later this week, Vivo confirmed in a media invite on Monday (June 17). The upcoming Vivo Y series smartphone is teased to be available in two colour options. It has a circular rear camera module comprising two camera sensors. The Vivo Y58 5G is expected to run on the Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC. It is said to feature a 120Hz refresh rate display and house a 6,000mAh battery with 44W fast charging support. Vivo Y58 5G launch date, design revealed The Vivo Y58 5G will debut in India on June 20. If we look at the teaser image released by the brand, the upcoming phone will come in two colour options with a dual rear camera setup. It appears to have a circular-shaped camera setup housing an LED flash along with a ring flash — similar to what we saw on the Vivo Y200t. The colour variants also resemble the Aurora (black) and Qingshan (blue) shades of Vivo Y200t. The Vivo Y200t was launched in China in May with a starting price tag of CNY 1,199 (roughly Rs. 13,000) for the 8GB + 128GB version. This Could Be the First Phone Powered by MediaTek Dimensity 9400 SoC Vivo Y58 5G specifications (expected) As per a past leak, the Vivo Y58 5G could feature a 6.72-inch full-HD+ display with a refresh rate of 120Hz and 1,024nits peak brightness. It is tipped to run on the Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC with 8GB of RAM. The handset is said to come with Extended RAM support for using unused storage as RAM. For photos and videos, the Vivo Y58 5G is said to feature a 50-megapixel primary sensor and a 2-megapixel shooter. It could pack an 8-megapixel front camera. The handset is said to come with IP64 rated built for dust and water resistance. It is tipped to feature 128GB of onboard storage that can be expanded up to 1TB. Vivo X Fold 3 Pro Debuts as Vivo's First Foldable in India: See Price The Vivo Y58 5G is likely to be packed with a 6,000mAh battery with 44W fast charging support. It could measure 7.99mm in thickness and weigh 199 grams. The handset is said to include dual speakers and a side-mounted fingerprint scanner for authentication.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 and Watch Ultra Prices Leaked, Said to Be Cheaper Than Apple Watch Ultra 2" ,  Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 series could be announced at the next Galaxy Unpacked event, which is rumoured to be hosted on July 10. Alongside the Watch 7 series, the South Korean tech giant could also unveil the Galaxy Watch Ultra at the event. Reports have suggested that the company is working on a more premium smartwatch that could offer more features than the Galaxy Watch 7 series, although it has not been officially announced. Now, a new report has revealed the possible prices of the wearable devices. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch Ultra price (leaked) In a report, 91mobiles leaked the possible prices (via tipster Paras Guglani) of the upcoming smartwatches by Samsung. As per the report, the 40mm Galaxy Watch 7 could be priced similarly to its predecessor, the Samsung Galaxy Watch 6. But perhaps more interestingly, the Galaxy Watch Ultra could be priced lower than the Apple Watch Ultra 2. As per the report, the Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 40mm variant could be priced between $299 (roughly Rs. 25,000) and $310 (roughly Rs. 26,000). It is also said that the smartwatch could arrive in Cream white, Forest Green, and Marble Gray colour options. Coming to the Ultra model, the smartwatch that's expected to compete with the Apple Watch Ultra 2, will reportedly be priced between $699 (roughly Rs. 58,400) and $710 (roughly Rs. 59,300). Notably, the Apple Watch Ultra 2 is priced $799 in the US and Rs. 89,900 in India for the 49mm variant. The Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra is said to be available in a single Titanium Gray colour option. Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra specifications (rumoured) As per previous reports, the Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra could be equipped with a penta-core CPU fabricated on a 3nm process. The same chipset is also said to power the Galaxy Watch 7 series. The Watch Ultra could be available in a single 47mm size and offer 32GB of inbuilt storage. The Galaxy Watch Ultra is said to come with Wi-Fi and cellular capabilities. It might feature a titanium chassis, support dual-band (L1+L5) GPS, and offer water resistance up to 100m. Samsung Galaxy Ring's Charging Case Renders Leak, Suggests Design


Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 Listed on Geekbench; May Get a 12GB RAM Variant


Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Leaked Renders Give Us First Look at Design Earlier, a report found the support page for a device with the model number SM-L705F on the official website, which was said to belong to the Galaxy Watch Ultra. The page has since been taken down. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra May Get a New Colour Variant Soon; Company Teases New Shade" ,  Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra might soon be available in a new colourway. The South Korean tech brand is hinting at the arrival of a new colour variant through cryptic social media posts. The flagship handset debuted in January alongside the Galaxy S24 and Galaxy S24+ in Titanium Gray, Titanium Black, Titanium Violet, and Titanium Yellow shades. It is available in three additional online exclusive shades as well. It has a Titanium chassis and is powered by a custom version of the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. Cryptic social media posts from Samsung hint that the brand is looking to refresh its Galaxy S24 Ultra with a NEW splash of colour. The posts come with the tagline "Epic shade on its way" pointing at the arrival of a new shade. They highlight the hue of the sunflower leading to speculation that the Galaxy S24 Ultra will be made available in a yellow shade. It might be a sign of the new colourway of Galaxy S24 or Galaxy S24+. The Galaxy S24 Ultra is currently available Titanium Black, Titanium Gray, and Titanium Violet colour options. The Titanium Blue, Titanium Green, and Titanium Orange finishes are available exclusively through Samsung's online store. The Galaxy S24 and Galaxy S24+, on the other hand, are available in Amber Yellow, Cobalt Violet, Marble Gray, and Onyx Black shades. The Jade Green Sapphire Blue and Sandstone Orange are the online exclusive shaded for both models. Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra US Variant Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website Galaxy S24 series was launched in January with a starting price tag of Rs. 79,999 for the vanilla model, with the Galaxy S24+ pricing starting at Rs. 99,999, and the Galaxy S24 Ultra starting at Rs. 1,29,999. The Galaxy S24 Ultra has a Titanium chassis and runs on a custom version of Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. Indian variants of the Galaxy S24 and Galaxy S24+ are powered by the Exynos 2400 SoC.  Samsung Galaxy Ring's Charging Case Renders Leak, Suggests Design  




title = "Dogecoin Developer Issues Important Warning to Investors as Market Turns Volatile" ,  The crypto sector, after seeing a massive upswing in March this year, has found itself rather stagnated for over a month now. In light of the current volatile market conditions, one of Dogecoin's developers who goes by the name of Mishaboar has sounded an alert to the crypto community. He has released a warning asking the investor community to gauge the risks of investing in crypto assets before making any final decision. In the long run, Mishaboar hopes that members of the investor community do not get burnt out with unresearched or impulsive investments. The Dogecoin developer, in his post on X, refers to crypto investing as ‘educated gambling'. He has expressed his fear that investors who are losing sleep over their crypto investments – may have been overexposed to the sector. “Crypto is extremely volatile and risky. Do not gamble with more than you can afford to lose,” said Mishaboar on June 16. At present, over 2.4 million cryptocurrencies are circulating in the market. The current valuation of the crypto sector stands at $2.42 trillion (roughly Rs. 2,02,14,054 crore), showed CoinMarketCap. Not just individual investors, but multiple firms including several from the Fortune 500 group are now engaging with cryptocurrencies. This kind of support from institutional investors can give individual investors a push to test their fate with crypto assets, sometimes without proper research. Mishaboar noted that crypto criminals are on the rise, hunting for potential victims. “The biggest risk for newbies, next to leverage trading, comes from trading coins and tokens without understanding the risk/reward ratio. And without realising that this space is mostly filled with grifters, criminals and peddlers,” his post added. Dear Dogecoin, and especially those of you new to crypto:Crypto is extremely volatile and risky. Do not gamble with more than you can afford to lose.This is a simple message, often repeated, and like many simple messages, easily forgotten.If the amount of crypto you are…— Mishaboar (@mishaboar) June 16, 2024 The prices of cryptocurrencies change on a daily basis, owing to the variations in the macro-economic conditions. On Monday, May 17 Bitcoin and Ether were trading at $66,426 (roughly Rs. 55.4 lakh) and $3,232 (roughly Rs. 2.70 lakh) respectively. Dogecoin itself recorded a price drop of 2.08 percent to trade at $0.13 (roughly Rs. 11.10) on June 17. In the coming days, the DOGE developer plans on updating ‘newbies' in the crypto space with crypto price observations.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Chrome for Android Gets a ‘Listen to This Page’ Text-to-Speech Feature: How to Use" ,  Google Chrome for Android is getting a new feature dubbed Listen to this Page, which will let the browser read any text-heavy webpage aloud. The text-to-speech (TTS) feature is being integrated into the Android app, and users will be able to access it from the three-dotted menu icon. The feature opens a miniplayer that comes with play/pause, a progress bar, playback speed options, and more. Users can also listen to a webpage in multiple voices and different languages as well. Google Chrome's Listen to This Page feature According to a dedicated support page for the feature, it can be used to read the text on a website while using an Android device. The feature can play the audio while the user switches to a different tab. The audio can also play while the screen is locked. While the feature has begun rolling out to users, a wider release may take a few weeks. The feature is being rolled out with the Google Chrome version 125. Gadgets 360 staff were able to find this new feature on the latest version of Chrome for Android. You Can Now Minimise Tabs as Floating Windows on Google Chrome Google Chrome's Listen to this page feature supports several languages including Arabic, Bengali, Chinese, English, French, German, Hindi, Indonesian, Japanese, Portuguese, Russian, and Spanish. Further, several voice types are also available for users to choose from. The TTS feature has Ruby (mid-pitch, warm), River (mid-pitch, calm), Field (low-pitch, bright), and Moss (low-pitch, peaceful) voice options in English (US). It offers Cloud (mid-pitch, soothing) and Dale (low-pitch, calm) in English (UK), and Lake (mid-pitch, calm) in English (India) languages. Google Fixed This Nasty Zero-Day Security Flaw on Chrome: How to Update


Chrome May Soon Get a Feature Similar to Android’s Circle to Search Once the feature is turned on, users will find a miniplayer at the bottom of the screen which comes with play/pause, a progress bar, a 10-second fast forward/rewind, and playback speed options. The overflow menu also auto-scrolls as the voice reads the text. Once the app is closed, the voice is paused. Google Chrome remembers where it was paused and upon reopening the app, it can start playing from where it left off. How to Use Google Chrome's Listen to This Page Feature Open the Google Chrome app on your Android device. Open a webpage with text. The page should be text-heavy. Once the page fully loads, tap the icon on the top right with three vertical dots. Look for Listen to this page. Tap on it. To change the playback speed: Tap on the miniplayer. In the player window, tab the three horizontal dots on the bottom right. Tap on Playback Speed. To change the voice, tap on Voice. Tap Preview to try out the voice. Tap Highlight text and auto-scroll to enable the feature. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G With Dimensity 6080 SoC, 108-Megapixel Rear Camera Launched: Specifications" ,  Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G was launched on Sunday (June 17) as the latest entrant in the company's Spark series. The new smartphone by the Transsion Holdings-owned company comes in three distinct colourways and a vegan leather back option. The Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G features a 120Hz refresh rate display and is powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 6080 5G processor coupled with 8GB of RAM. It flaunts a dual rear camera setup, led by the 108-megapixel primary sensor. Further, the 5G phone packs a 5,000 mAh battery, which supports 33W charging. Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G availability Price details of Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G are yet to be announced but it is confirmed to be available in the Middle East, Africa, Southeast Asia, and Latin American markets in the coming days. It is offered in Glossy White, Neon Green, and Startrail Black colour options and will go on sale in Saudi Arabia from June 20. Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G specifications The Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G runs on Android 14-based HiOS 14 and features a 6.78-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,460 pixels) display with 120Hz refresh rate. It comes with a Dynamic Port feature that displays notifications around the front screen camera cutout. It has a MediaTek Dimensity 6080 chipset under the hood, paired with 8GB of RAM and 256GB of onboard storage. Using Tecno's memory fusion technology this onboard memory can be expanded up to 16GB with unused storage. Tecno Camon 30 5G Series Will Now Answer Your Queries With Ella-GPT In terms of optics, the Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G has a dual rear camera setup comprising a 108-megapixel primary sensor with 3x optical zoom and a 2-megapixel macro sensor. For selfies and video chat, there is an 8-megapixel camera sensor at the front. Connectivity options on the Tecno Spark 20 Pro 5G include Bluetooth 5.3, GNSS, FM, NFC, Wi-Fi, and USB Type-C. Sensors onboard include an ambient light sensor, e-compass, fingerprint sensor, g-sensor, and proximity sensor. The handset features Dolby Atmos-tuned dual stereo speakers. Tecno Camon 30 Series With 50-Megapixel Cameras Debuts in India: See Price Tecno has packed a 5,000mAh battery on the new Spark 20 Pro 5G with support for 33W fast charging. It measures 168.51x76.21x8.29mm. The variant with a vegan leather back panel measures 168.51x76.21x8.49mm. 




title = "Binance Co-Founder Calls Out Elon Musk to Curb Spread of Crypto-Related Fake News on X" ,  Crypto scammers seem to be on an expansion drive now that the digital assets sector is logging growth in several regions around the world. Yi He, the co-founder of Binance called out Elon Musk over the weekend to take measures to ensure that the spread of fake crypto-related news on X is dealt with proactively. The Binance executive found herself embroiled in an impersonation scam recently, wherein her identity was being used to promote a fake crypto token on X. In a post published on X, He said that she has not issued any crypto tokens called MemeCoins. She has clearly instructed her followers as well as members of Binance's crypto circle to not bite the bait and invest in this scam token. Calling out to Musk, the chief of X, He wrote, “Many people were tricked by this hacker link and lost a significant amount of money today. Is there any way to address this issue Elon Musk?” The screenshots shared by He also showed her crypto handle as well as her name being impersonated. BWA Urges FM Sitharaman to Provide Level Playing Field for Web3 Firms Musk, who is otherwise very active on X, has not posted any response to He's question so far. I have not issued any new MEMEcoins. Clicking on the link will result in your money being stolen. Many people were tricked by this hacker link and lost a significant amount of money today. Is there any way to address this issue?@elonmusk pic.twitter.com/fCiweFweBa— Yi He (@heyibinance) June 14, 2024 In March this year, Scam Sniffer said in its crypto phishing report that about 57,000 victims lost approximately $47 million (roughly Rs. 392 crore) to crypto phishing scams – with most percentage of scams facilitated by scammers working on X. :rotating_light: [1/6] ScamSniffer's February Phishing ReportIn February, about 57,000 victims lost approximately $47 million to crypto phishing scams.Compared to January, the number of victims who lost over $1 million decreased by 75%. pic.twitter.com/UgZk0K91lH— Scam Sniffer | Web3 Anti-Scam (@realScamSniffer) March 10, 2024 In February this year, the X account of MicroStrategy was hacked, through which the airdrop of a scam MSTR crypto token was promoted. Since MicroStrategy is a pro-Bitcoin business intelligence firm, several people believed the token airdrop was legitimate and ended up engaging with malicious links. At the time, market analysers like Scam Sniffer and ZachXBT had estimated that this scam had managed to steal around over $440,000 (roughly Rs. 3.6 crore).  The X account of Blockchain Capital was also hacked last year to promote another scam token BCAP. In fact, He herself had sounded an alert about the rising number of crypto scams stirring on X in January this year. Most Fortune 500 Firms Testing Web3, Blockchain Technology: Coinbase When Musk acquired X from its founder Jack Dorsey in April 2022, he said ridding the social networking platform of crypto-related market manipulating bots and scammers was among his top priorities. Despite the changes that he introduced to the platform; crypto scammers are still misusing the platform to connect with potential victims.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Shutterstock ImageAI, an Enterprise-Focused AI Text-to-Image Generator Launched" ,  Shutterstock ImageAI, a generative artificial intelligence (AI) platform that allows users to generate images from text prompts, was announced last week. Shutterstock, the stock photos, videos, and music repository, and the data and AI firm Databricks collaborated to build the text-to-image AI platform. The company claims the platform is aimed at enterprises and adheres to the high standards of business needs. The platform is currently generally available, however, to generate images, users will have to purchase a special monthly subscription to the AI image generator. Shutterstock ImageAI features In a press release, Databricks stated that the platform was built from scratch. The platform was created using the Databricks Mosaic AI tools. The company also claimed that the pre-trained ImageAI model was trained by the AI firm in just a few weeks. To train the AI image model, only the image repository of Shutterstock was users, highlighting that the AI is trained on high-quality stock images and does not use any copyrighted material or low-quality sources. The company claims that Shutterstock ImageAI is geared towards enterprises as it was trained with images that were already being used by businesses. This selective training is aimed to help businesses generate images that adhere to their policies and high standards. The post claims that the platform eliminates the need for businesses to produce custom images for specific campaigns. These Apple Intelligence Features Might Not Come to Your iPhone Till 2025 Further, the ImageAI platform is hosted both on Shutterstock's website as well as on Databricks Mosaic AI platform in preview. Databricks says its customers will also be able to integrate the AI platform with their workflows and make API (App Programming Interface) calls to request the generation of images. The public Shutterstock ImageAI platform allows users to generate images with detailed text prompts. Additionally, they can also choose from a large number of style presets that allow them to further fine-tune the images. However, the platform requires users to purchase a special subscription to access the ImageAI platform. Currently, users can purchase Shutterstock's Generative AI Plus subscription that is priced at $7 (roughly Rs. 580) a month, and offers 100 unique generations (400 total images as every prompt generates four images) with a Standard Licence. To generate more than 100 images, users can purchase custom add-ons to their existing plan. This plan is separate from the standard monthly subscription and starts at $49 (roughly 4,090) a month. Google Reportedly Brings Pixel’s Magic Editor to Samsung Phones


LinkedIn’s New AI Features Will Help You Find the Right Job Notably, the Standard Licence by Shutterstock comes with restrictions in print (up to 5 lakh copies) and out-of-home (OOH) advertising (5 lakh impressions). Further, it also does not allow usage for merchandising and packaging as well as web templates, print templates, and commercial spaces. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Galaxy Ring's Charging Case Renders Leaked Online, Suggests Design" ,  Samsung teased its Galaxy Ring earlier this year at MWC. It is expected to launch at the next Galaxy Unpacked event alongside the latest Galaxy Z foldable smartphones. We have already seen multiple rumours about the smart ring's capabilities, ring size, and potential pricing. Now, a tipster has leaked the design of the charging case of the Galaxy Ring. The upcoming wearable seems to have a Galaxy earbud-like carrying case and an indicator light to show the charging status. Here's how the Galaxy Ring may charge Tipster Ice Universe on Weibo shared the image of the alleged charging case for the Galaxy Ring. The case indicates a fancy design resembling jewellery boxes with flat edges and a shiny finish. It is vaguely similar to Samsung's Galaxy Buds charging cases. The raised circular section inside the charging case could hold the wearable in place. This cradle is seen to house a charging pin and an indicator that could display the charging status. The render shows the case in white colour, but Samsung is expected to make it available in more shades. It is expected to support wireless charging as well.  Samsung Galaxy Ring alleged charging casePhoto Credit: Weibo  The Galaxy Ring was first teased in January, the company later previewed the device at the MWC in February. It could be launched alongside the Galaxy Z Flip 6 and Galaxy Z Fold 6 at the next Galaxy Unpacked event which is expected to take place on July 10. Samsung will sell the Galaxy Ring in the US in or around August. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 Poster Leaks Revealing Design In India, the Galaxy Ring is anticipated to be priced at Rs. 35,000, whereas it could cost between $300-$350 (roughly Rs. 25,000 to Rs. 30,000) in the US. The Galaxy Ring will run on Samsung's Health platform. It is confirmed to be available in three colour options. It is expected to offer heart rate tracking and SpO2 (blood oxygen) monitoring. It is said to be available in sizes ranging from 5 to 12. There could be a 17mAh battery in the 5, 6, and 7 size variants, an 18.5mAh battery on the 8, 9, 10 and 11 sizes, and the size 12 is said to house a 22.5mAh battery.  Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Leaked Renders Give Us First Look at Design   Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CNAP Caller ID Service Trials to Curb Spam Calls Rolled Out in Limited Form in India: Report" ,  Telecom operators in India have reportedly commenced limited trials of caller ID services in a couple of regions in the country. The telcos are facing pressure from the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) and the Department of Telecom (DoT) to implement the Calling Name Presentation (CNAP) feature, which is expected to help curb fake and scam calls in the country. If the feature is eventually implemented by these operators, customers in India may no longer need to rely on third-party caller identification apps. CNAP testing begins in two regions in India A Times of India report (via The Economic Times) states that telecom operators in India have started testing the CNAP caller ID display service. The TRAI has previously sought the implementation of CNAP on all mobile phones in the country, a move that has received some pushback from the telcos. These "limited tests" of the new CNAP service are currently being conducted in Mumbai and Haryana, according to the report. It is currently unclear which telecom operators are testing the system in these areas. USSD-Based Call Forwarding Service to Be Temporarily Suspended Soon Both Airtel and Reliance Jio have cautioned against the implementation of CNAP in India, with the former telling the publication about potential "techno-commercial challenges" related to introducing CNAP, along with the need to adhere to privacy laws. Meanwhile, Jio reportedly warned of issues such as and "increased load on signalling and possible impact on latency and interconnection-related issues." CNAP Caller ID: How it works When the CNAP caller ID service is enabled, a user's mobile phone will display the caller's phone number as well as their full name collected by the telco via its customer application form (CAF) and verified during the know your customer (KYC) process. The system is expected to help lower the rise of unwanted spam and scam calls in the country.  The TRAI has proposed the implementation the proposed CNAP system in IndiaPhoto Credit: TRAI  The TRAI had previously recommended that telecom operators maintain a list of customer names and phone numbers that would enable the use of the service, in a report published in February. However, the proposal has faced some opposition from telecom operators including Airtel, Vi, and Reliance Jio. TRAI Introduces New Rules for SIM Card Porting: Check Here


Chakshu Portal Launched by the Government to Curb Cyber Fraud


TRAI Aims to Tackle Call Drops Issue; Improve In-Building Connectivity


Google Now Lets You Transfer Your eSIM Across Android Phones: Report One of the concerns related to the implementation of CNAP on all mobile phones is the ability of handset makers and software providers to collect caller information on a large scale. Operators like Airtel and Reliance Jio have also suggested that customers be allowed to opt-in to the CNAP service, while making it mandatory for commercial and telemarketing numbers. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 Complete Specifications Including Cameras, Battery, More Leaked" ,  The rumour mill has been seeing plenty of new information on Samsung's Galaxy Z Fold 6 foldable lately. The book-style foldable is expected to launch at an upcoming Galaxy Unpacked event, which is said to take place in Paris this year. While the details about the event have yet to be made official, there's now a new leak suggesting the date of the event. Meanwhile, more details about the Galaxy Z Flip 6 have surfaced online, along with a leaked benchmark that hints at a brand-new variant of the clamshell foldable. While information about the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 (and to an extent the Ultra/Slim) have been flooding the rumour mill lately, we have seen fewer details about the upcoming smaller clamshell-style foldable Galaxy Z Flip 6. As per a Geekbench listing said to belong to the Galaxy Z Flip 6, there could be a new 12GB RAM variant. The listing showed the scores obtained by the device while also giving out more details about its processor and RAM. The benchmark results show a maximum score (best of 3) of 2,321 and 7,233 in Geekbench's single and multi-score tests, which is a noticeable bump over the 1,998 and 5,176 scores we achieved in our independent testing of the Galaxy Z Flip 5's 8GB RAM variant. Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 Review: Covering the Basics This could also be down to Samsung's customised variant of the Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 for Galaxy that offers a slight performance boost over the standard processor. Samsung has always stuck with 8GB RAM for all variants of its clamshell foldable device over the past years so a 12GB RAM variant (as shown in the benchmark listing) in theory should improve its multitasking performance. Another leak by SmartPrix has suggested a ton of details about the upcoming Galaxy Z Flip 6. While a previous leak from the same source hinted at minimal design changes, there's said to be plenty of upgrades under the hood this year. The Galaxy Z Flip 6, going by the leaked information, seems to have the same 6.7-inch internal display as on the Galaxy Z Flip 5 sporting a refresh rate of 120Hz and a resolution of 2,640 x 1,080 pixels. The phone's cover display also seems to be identical to last year's model at 3.4-inches with a resolution of 720 x 748 pixels. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Specifications Allegedly Revealed in Massive Leak The bigger upgrade this year will be the Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 for Galaxy processor which will offer a maximum clock speed of 3.9GHz. The phone is expected to show up with the same 256GB and 512GB storage options as last year. 10.07.24 pic.twitter.com/AWy2F3wFUq— Evan Blass (@evleaks) June 14, 2024 The rear camera setup is said to get a 50-megapixel primary camera with an f/1.8 aperture, which will be an upgrade from the current 12-megapixel camera on the Galaxy Z Flip 5. The ultra-wide-angle camera appears to be the same as before with a 12-megapixel sensor and the same applies to the 10-megapixel front-facing camera as well, which is reported to lack autofocus. Connectivity options also appear to be similar to the previous model. As for dimensions, the new Galaxy Z Flip 6 is tipped to get a thickness of 6.9mm when open and 14.9mm when folded, which if true is similar to the predecessor. The phone is also said to weigh 187 grams, just like the Galaxy Z Flip 5. However, the leaked images also suggest that the Galaxy Z Flip 6 could get a bigger 4,000mah battery this year which according to the usage mentioned in the sheet can last up to 19 hours with mixed Wi-Fi and LTE usage. Charging speeds are said to be the same as before which is limited to 25W. In other news, tipster Evan Blass has also now reconfirmed that the Galaxy Unpacked launch even for the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 is set to take place on July 10. While the same date was previously leaked, Blass shared a countdown gif of the launch event in a post which has since been taken down due to copyright infringement. We expect Samsung to official announce the next Galaxy Unpacked dates soon. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Nothing OS 3.0 Lock Screen Customisation, Dot Animation Features Teased by CEO Carl Pei" ,  Nothing OS 3.0 was teased by the company CEO Carl Pei on Saturday. The company, known for its social media marketing strategies, created a buzz when the company CEO “leaked” new features and an announcement timeline for the third major update of its smartphone operating system. The Nothing OS 3.0 will feature customisable lock screens that will integrate widgets. There is also a dot animation feature, which was hinted at in a separate post. The Nothing OS 3.0 will be announced in September, however no particular date was mentioned. Nothing OS 3.0 new features teased In a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), Pei posted a couple of images showcasing the new lock screen customisation feature. Posting the pictures, the Nothing Co-Founder said, “Sorry in advance to the team for this leak... but I'm too excited!” The post follows multiple such quirky social media posts made by Pei in a bid to create excitement for products and features. Notably, ahead of the Nothing Phone 2a launch, he changed his X name to ‘Carl Bhai'.  Nothing OS 3.0 lock screen customisation featurePhoto Credit: X/Carl Pei (@getpeid)  In the post, one of the images showed three different lock screen views, each with unique customisation. The first showcased the default lock screen with the clock, day and date, and the quick access buttons at the bottom. However, the second view, which will be available with the Nothing OS 3.0, showed a “Clock + Widget” option. This customisation appears with three widgets — weather, a shortcut for quick action, and date. In this screen, the clock is shown in Nothing's dot matrix font. The second customisation option is dubbed “Expanded Widget Area”, and will likely offer more information on the lock screen. In the image shared, a large analogue clock and day and date tile occupied the space given to the clock in the previous two lock screens. This option also features widgets for quick action, weather, and contacts. CMF Phone 1 With Rotating Dial Teased; Buds 2, Watch Pro 2 May Also Debut


CMF Phone 1 Price Leaked, It May Cost This Much in India


Nothing Phone 3 to Skip 2024 Launch to Integrate AI Experiences OK, something more technically interesting... Will stop now to leave some magic for the announcement in September. pic.twitter.com/c1w6QjXMjb— Carl Pei (@getpeid) June 15, 2024 In a separate post, Pei also hinted at a Dot Animation feature. This feature, which appears to be for images, features three layers — input image, live interaction layer, and final output. The CEO did not share the use case or working of the feature. Finally, he also hinted at the announcement date for Nothing OS 3.0 in the post where he added, “Will stop now to leave some magic for the announcement in September.” .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Crypto Price Today: Bitcoin, Ether Prices Hold Steady as Altcoins Display Mixed Trends" ,  The crypto market maintained its lacklustre trajectory for the third week of June with cryptocurrencies showing mixed prices stepping into the next week. Bitcoin on Monday, June 17 recorded a minor gain of 0.32 percent as per CoinMarketCap. With this, the price of this asset on international exchanges stands at $66,426 (roughly Rs. 55.4 lakh). On Indian exchanges like WazirX and CoinSwitch meanwhile, the value of Bitcoin stands at $71, 504 (roughly Rs. 59.7 lakh). The asset has found itself stagnated between these price points for a while now, with no big nudge anticipated anytime soon to result in changes. “Bitcoin's price movement is flattened. Its closest support level lies at $64,825 (roughly Rs. 54 lakh), while the next resistance point awaits at $66,978 (roughly Rs. 66.9 lakh),” Edul Patel, CEO of Mudrex told Gadgets360. Ether rose in value by 3.45 percent on Monday. With this, Ether is presently trading around the price point of $3,232 (roughly Rs. 2.70 lakh). BWA Urges FM Sitharaman to Provide Level Playing Field for Web3 Firms “ETH staged a sharp comeback this week, finding support at its key 50-day moving average (SMA) around $3,415 (roughly Rs. 2.85 lakh). The next hurdle for bulls is the 20-day EMA currently sitting at $3,612 (roughly Rs. 3 lakh). However, a breakdown below the 20-day EMA and a daily close under the 50-day SMA could trigger a fresh decline towards the crucial support zone around $2,850 (roughly Rs. 2.38 lakh),” Rajagopal Menon, Vice President, WazirX told Gadgets360. Cardano, Tron, Polkadot, Chainlink, Uniswap, Near Protocol, and Polygon reflected profits. Litecoin, Leo, Stellar, Cosmos, and Underdog also recorded minor profits. UK NHS Chief Warns of Rise in Crypto Trading Addiction in the UK The overall crypto market cap rose by 0.44 percent in the last 24 hours. With this, the crypto sector valuation stands at $2.42 trillion (roughly Rs. 2,02,14,054 crore), showed CoinMarketCap. A bunch of cryptocurrencies registered losses also on Monday. These include Tether, Ripple, Dogecoin, Shiba Inu, and Avalanche. Price dips also struck Cronos, Bitcoin SV, and Elrond. “Despite a strong labour market, the US, the largest consumer base for crypto, is being cautious with their altcoin market investments. California is set to host a meeting in Washington regarding crypto asset regulation which is being touted as the most significant event till date involving all stakeholders. This is a precursor to the US elections where crypto will be a significant pivot for both parties,” Menon added.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel 9's Tensor G4 Allegedly Spotted on Geekbench; Shows Lower Scores Than Tensor G3" ,  Google Pixel 8 series with Tensor G3 was unveiled last October. The Pixel 9 series is expected to debut with Google's Tensor G4 SoC in October. While we wait for the official announcement, the vanilla Pixel 9 seems to have surfaced on the Geekbench benchmarking website with a Tensor G4 chip. Google's purported in-house mobile processor seems to be slower than the Tensor G3. The benchmark listing also confirms the presence of 8GB of RAM onboard. Google Pixel 9 surfaces on Geekbench The Pixel 9 surfaced on the Geekbench website on June 14, indicating that it might ship with Android 14 and 8GB onboard RAM. The listing shows 1,653 points in single-core testing and 3,313 points in multi-core testing. These performance scores are not impressive compared to the scores of last year's Pixel 8 series and lower than the scores of the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. As per the listing, the Pixel 9 will be powered by a chipset codenamed “Tokay” that is believed to be associated with the Tensor G4 SoC. The next-generation custom processor for Google's Pixel 9 is listed to have an octa-core CPU setup with one prime CPU core operating at 3.10GHz, three mid-cores at 2.60GHz, and four cores capped at 1.95GHz. For comparison, the Tensor G3 has nine CPU cores. Google Pixel 8 Price in India Drops to All-Time Low: See New Price, Deals It was previously reported that the Tensor G4 would bring upgrades over the Tensor G3. The Pixel 9 is said to have an AnTuTu score of 1,071,616, which is slightly higher than the Tensor G3-powered Pixel 8's score of around 9,00,000. The Pixel 9 series is still early in the development cycle and there is a possibility that the benchmark tests were conducted on a dummy unit. It is, therefore, advisable to take these scores with a pinch of salt. Google Pixel 9, Pixel Fold 2 Alleged Case Renders Hint at Design Google is likely to introduce the Pixel 9 series alongside the Pixel Fold 2 in October. The vanilla Pixel 9 is said to get a 6.24-inch display while the Pro model could feature a 6.34-inch screen.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Intelligence Features Will Reportedly Be Delayed, Some Might Only Arrive in 2025" ,  Apple Intelligence was the main talk of Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024, that was hosted last week. The Cupertino-based tech giant announced a large number of new artificial intelligence (AI) features and capabilities for its operating systems. However, a new report claims that some of these features will not be ready when iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS Sequoia are globally released later this year. Some of these features, especially those involving the virtual assistant Siri, might even take till 2025 before they are rolled out widely to users. Some Apple Intelligence features could be delayed According to a report by Bloomberg's Mark Gurman in his Power On newsletter, Apple is not planning to roll out some of the AI features till late 2024 and early 2025. The recent release of the first developer beta of the operating software also points towards the same, as they lack several AI features. Gurman highlighted that the tech giant prefers to ship as many new features with the first developer beta as possible to let the developers have enough time to integrate the new experiences within their apps. If the report is to be believed, not only will some of the features be delayed, but when they arrive, they will only be available in preview. This means only a select group of users will get access to the features first, and it will slowly be rolled out to a larger user base. Apple Reportedly Open to Bringing Google Gemini to Its Devices This new feature deployment strategy will reportedly bring several new benefits for Apple. Gurman claims that this staggered approach will allow the company to manage its resources better and not overwhelm staffers or compromise the features. Training the AI in different global languages is also a time-consuming challenge, and so is building out its Private Cloud Compute cloud infrastructure. Further, the report highlights this additional time might be used to address issues of AI hallucinations (chatbots providing nonsensical responses). Finally, as previously reported, Apple is still looking for more third-party AI chatbot creators to integrate them into its platform. The company is reportedly in discussion with Google for its Gemini AI and with Anthropic for Claude AI. In China, where most of the international AI chatbots are not available, the tech giant is reportedly aiming to partner with Baidu and Alibaba. Apple Intelligence features that could arrive in late 2024 Notably, the Mail app will get some of its AI capabilities only later this year. These features reportedly include the ability to categorise emails in different tabs such as newsletters, announcements, and shopping. Another feature dubbed Swift Assist, which is a cloud-based AI programming companion for Xcode, will only be available closer to the end of the year. AirPods Pro 2 Get New Siri Interactions, Voice Isolation Features Apart from these, some non-AI features are also not likely to be present when iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS Sequoia debut this fall. These reportedly include the Mac Virtual Display on Vision Pro, simultaneous live sports streaming in the Apple TV app, Home app support for the control of vacuum cleaners and monitor home electricity usage. Apple Intelligence features said to arrive in 2025 Most of the new AI capabilities of Siri will not be available for users to play around with till the next year, as per Gurman. These reportedly include the contextual awareness and natural language responses, semantic indexing for Siri's understanding of on-device content and personal data, integration with native apps, and computer vision that lets the virtual assistant read the presently opened screen. iPadOS 18 Gets Calculator App With Math Notes, Smart Script, and More However, several Apple Intelligence features will still be available with the first general release of the upcoming operating systems. These are said to include AI-powered prioritised notifications, AI summarising of webpages, voice memos, meeting notes, and email. Further, the systemwide Writing Tools, image generation, and the custom AI emoji creator Genmoji. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iPhone 17 Series Said to Include Thinner Model; Apple Reportedly Working on Slimmer MacBook Pro, Apple Watch" ,  Apple's iPhone 17 series is not expected to debut until next year, but details of the company's purported plans for its upcoming devices have already surfaced online. According to Bloomberg's Mark Gurman, Apple is working on an iPhone 17 model with a slimmer body than the company's existing smartphones, as well as slimmer versions of its existing MacBook Pro and Apple Watch models. Last month, the company launched a redesigned iPad Pro model — the slimmest tablet from Apple to date — alongside the new Apple Pencil Pro. In his weekly Power On newsletter, Gurman states that the iPad Pro isn't the only device from Apple to be updated with a slimmer chassis. Citing unidentified sources, he says that the Cupertino company is "focused" on developing a new model with a slim design as part of the iPhone 17 lineup, which is expected to arrive in 2025. Readers might recall that the iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Plus both measure 7.8mm in thickness, while the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max are 8.3mm. It is currently unclear whether Apple will equip is Pro models with a slimmer chassis, like the new iPad Pro (2024) models. iPhone 15 Pro’s Action Button Will Offer More Functionalities With iOS 18 Apple is also working on a slimmer version of the MacBook Pro, according to Gurman. The latest MacBook Pro model with the company's M3 chip and a 16-inch display measures 1.68cm in thickness when closed, while its smaller sibling is slightly thinner at 1.56cm. Recent MacBook Pro models (dating back to 2021) have seen an increase in thickness due to the return of MagSafe charging, an SD card slot, and additional ports, while the company's MacBook Air models have fewer ports and a slimmer design. Similarly, Gurman says in his newsletter that the Apple Watch will be refreshed with a slimmer chassis compared to previous models. This claim is corroborated by TF Securities International analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who claims that the Apple Watch Series 10 will sport a thinner design and could arrive with a bigger display (up to 49mm). Apple Bringing a Big Gaming Feature From Mac to iPhone With iOS 18


iPhone 16 Pro, iPhone 16 Pro Max Dimensions Leak; Hints at Larger Design


Apple Reveals Minimum Length of Software Support for iPhone 15 Lineup


Apple Unlikely to Release a Foldable iPhone Before 2027: Report


iPhone 16 Pro Models Might Come With Thinner Bezels Than Galaxy S24 There's no word from both Kuo and Gurman on when the redesigned Apple Watch models will be launched, while the slimmer iPhone is expected to arrive as part of the iPhone 17 series in the second half of 2025, based on Apple's previous launch timelines. It is currently unclear when Apple will launch the purported MacBook Pro with a thinner design, but more details are likely to emerge in the coming months. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Testing Tweaks on Windows That Make Sharing Files to Android Easier" ,  Microsoft allows for greater synergy between a Windows PC and a smartphone, letting users reply to text, receive and make calls and check their phone notifications directly from the computer. The Phone Link app on PC, which syncs both Android phones and iPhone with Windows, also lets users share files between devices. Now, Windows is making file sharing from PC to Android more streamlined. Windows share feature As part of the new Windows Insider Preview, Microsoft is rolling out the ability to quickly share content to an Android phone from a share window on Windows PC. With the feature, hitting share on a file will now show up a quick share window that will display the user's Android phone that has been paired with the PC. Paired Android phones show up in the share windowPhoto Credit: Microsoft According to Microsoft, users must have their smartphone paired to their Windows PC using the Link to Windows app on Android and Phone Link on their PC for the feature to work. Only paired Android smartphones will show up in share window and there's no indication yet if the feature will be extended to iPhone. Microsoft Will Not Ship AI-Powered Recall With Copilot+ PCs Next Week Currently, right clicking on a file on Windows and selecting Share opens the share window with the options to quickly send the file to your email contacts or share it via Nearby Share feature or other applications. The feature was announced as part of updates rolling out to the Beta Channel with Windows 11 Insider Preview Build 22635.3785. These features may take time to be widely available to all Windows 11 users. Windows 11 Preview Build Other improvements being tested with the Preview Build include tweaks to the Windows Spotlight feature, in addition to other fixes for known issues. The update will make it easier for users to change images and engage with the Windows Spotlight experience on desktop. Microsoft's Phone Link App May Soon Let You Copy Text From Images Windows allows users to share files between Android devices and PC via cross-device copy and paste feature within the Phone Link app. The feature, however, is available only on Surface Duo and select Samsung, Honor, Oppo, and Asus devices. Last month, a Windows Central report had claimed that the Phone Link app on Windows would soon be getting a new optical character recognition (OCR) feature that would enable users to copy text from images. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Leaked in Renders; Suggests 6.65-Inch Display, Triple Rear Cameras" ,  Samsung is expected to announce the Galaxy S24 FE later this year as a successor to the Galaxy S23 FE. A set of leaked renders have now given us the first look at the upcoming smartphone. The alleged renders of the Galaxy S24 FE show triple rear cameras and a hole punch display design. The Galaxy S24 FE is likely to come as a toned-down version of the Galaxy S24 and the renders show some design similarities with the vanilla model. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE design highlighted by new renders Known tipster Steve H. McFly (@OnLeaks), in collaboration with Giznext, leaked the renders of the upcoming Galaxy S24 FE. The renders indicate a hole punch display on the handset with curved edges. It is shown in a green colour, which looks familiar to the Mint colourway of the Galaxy S23 FE. On the rear, it seems to have a vertically aligned triple camera setup. The right spine of the handset is seen to house the volume buttons and the power key, while the bottom panel appears to have the USB Type-C port and SIM tray slot. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE specifications (leaked) The leaked design of the Galaxy S24 FE is identical to the Galaxy S24. The report claims that the upcoming phone will have a 6.65-inch screen. This would be a slight upgrade from Galaxy S23 FE's 6.4-inch screen. The camera setup is said to be headlined by a 50-megapixel primary sensor. It will likely pack up to 12GB RAM and 256GB storage and could measure 162 x 77.3 x 8mm. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Specifications Allegedly Revealed in Massive Leak Samsung is expected to pack a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset in the Galaxy S24 FE in select markets including the US. The European and Indian markets could get a version with the Exynos 2400 chipset. The Galaxy S24 FE is believed to be announced in October this year. Samsung's Galaxy S23 FE debuted in India with a starting price tag of Rs. 59,999 for the 8GB + 128GB RAM and storage model. Samsung Galaxy S25 Tipped to Have the Same Battery as Its Predecessor    Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "‘Provide a Level Playing Field for Web3 Businesses’: BWA to FM Nirmala Sitharaman" ,  India's independent Web3 advisory body, the Bharat Web3 Association (BWA), has prepared a message for Nirmala Sitharaman, who returned as the nation's finance minister for a second term this month. In its message shared with Gadgets360, the BWA said India needs a level playing ground for Web3 startups and businesses to thrive in. At present, India is in the process of deploying regulations to oversee the Web3 sector. The aim is to ensure that India's crypto circle is safeguarded against the financial risks that volatile digital assets could expose them to. Web3 needs Government support, BWA says The BWA, that has a total of 36 members from India's crypto industry, has been working with the lawmakers to help them draft appropriate rules and regulations to govern over the digital assets sector without hampering its growth. Solana Labs ‘Bond’ to Revamp Customer Loyalty Programmes Unveiled Now that Sitharaman is back and is expected to present the finalised Union Budget 2024 in the coming days, the BWA has decided to bring the needs of the Web3 sector to her notice. “The Web3 sector holds immense potential to revolutionise multiple sectors, including finance, governance, and supply chain management while also enhancing transparency and efficiency. Given this, we propose the government to develop a clear regulatory framework for Web3, support virtual digital asset (VDA) providers in their customer focus, and rationalise taxation framework for the digital assets sector,” Dilip Chenoy, the Chairperson of the BWA said in his statement. The BWA said it is of umpteenth importance that Web3 services get access to the provision of banking services. The advisory body has further urged the government to encourage investment and growth in the Web3 sector. The BWA and its members are concerned that if India delays the creation of a lucrative ecosystem for Web3 to grow in, it could miss out on profitable and technical opportunities as it did during the Web2 era. Brazil’s Largest Bank Opens Crypto Trading for Its Over 60 Million Users India's current position on Web3 Between 2022 and 2024, India made some milestone decisions on Web3 regulations. Starting July 2021, India brought crypto gains under a tax regime. In India, crypto incomes are taxed by 30 percent whereas one percent TDS is deducted on each crypto transaction. The country has brought the crypto sector under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, that requires all virtual digital asset providers to collect the KYC details of their customers and report any identified suspicious activity to relevant authorities. During December 2022 and 2023, India served as the President of the G20 group of nations. As part of its presidency, India worked with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the Financial Stability Board (FSB) to draft crypto regulations that would work uniformly on a global level. Despite India's gradual approach in whole-heartedly welcoming the Web3 sector as part of its financial and industrial ecosystem, the country has shown remarkable growth in blockchain adoption in 2023, as per a report published by Hashed Emergent, a Web3 venture capital firm focussed on India. From three percent in 2018, India's global share of blockchain developer pool, rose significantly to 12 percent last year, the report said. The country also reportedly claimed the top spot for on-chain adoption in 2023 over 150 countries, reflecting over 35 million trading accounts on the top Indian exchanges. The report has predicted that India has a promising future in terms of establishing itself as a leader and early creator of Web3 technologies especially because of its large pool of developers. While the crypto circle in India is hoping for Sitharaman to cut down on crypto taxes, the finance minister has paid no heed to the sector's urges so far.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Bewakoof Partners With Google Cloud to Bring AI-Powered Customised Fashion Capabilities to Its Platform" ,  Bewakoof, the popular Indian apparel brand, has collaborated with Google Cloud to bring the latter's generative artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning capabilities to its platform. The Indian brand unveiled the partnership at the Google Cloud Summit India, 2024. Bewakoof said it is using technologies such as Gemini AI to enable the creation of new content, including text, images, and code for the platform. One particular user-focused feature will be an AI T-shirt designing tool that lets users generate custom artwork. Bewakoof teams up with Google Cloud Google Cloud is offering its generative AI tech stack to the Indian apparel brand to not only introduce new features for users but also to build new capabilities for the platform. The company will use tools to analyse trends, customer preferences, and other data to generate innovative T-shirt designs. Google Reportedly Brings Pixel’s Magic Editor to Samsung Phones One of the user-oriented features, an AI-powered image generation tool that lets users generate T-shirt designs using text prompts, is currently live on Bewakoof's platform. In a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), the brand posted a short video highlighting the feature. The platform lets every user have 40 attempts to generate designs, which can then be added to a T-shirt with a colour and fit of their preference. Users can also tweak the AI tool by picking from different styles and palettes suggested on the prompt screen. LinkedIn’s New AI Features Will Help You Find the Right Job


Amazon Reportedly Struggling to Make Alexa Smarter In our testing of the feature, we found the T-shirts designed by AI were priced at Rs. 549. However, the prices may vary based on T-shirt size and the complexity of the design. Notably, Bewakoof is part of TMRW House of Brands, an Aditya Birla Group venture.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Ace 3 Pro Tipped to Get a Significantly Larger Battery Than Its Predecessor" ,  OnePlus usually launches Ace Pro series phones exclusively in China and the company is expected to announce its OnePlus Ace 3 Pro soon as an upgrade over the OnePlus Ace 2 Pro. The next Ace series phone is yet to get an official release date, but ahead of it, a Chinese tipster has leaked its battery and charging capabilities. The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is tipped to be armed by a massive battery. It is expected to run on Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro may have a bigger battery Tipster Digitial Chat Station on Weibo posted that the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro will be equipped with a 6,100mAh battery and 100W fast charging support. The battery capacity would be massive if true and will mark a 1,100mAh bump from the OnePlus Ace 2 Pro's 5,000mAh battery unit. Previously, the tipster claimed that the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro would have a dual-cell battery setup, with each cell having a capacity of 2,970mAh and a combined value of 5,940mAh. The total value could be 6,100mAh. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G Confirmed to Go Official in India Next Week OnePlus Ace 3 Pro specifications (rumoured) The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is expected to come with a curved edge screen with a centrally located hole punch cutout for the selfie shooter. It is said to get a 6.78-inch 1.5K resolution 8T LTPO screen and is rumoured to run on Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC. The handset is tipped to feature a metal middle frame and a glass body. OnePlus could include a triple rear camera setup on the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro, comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor, accompanied by 8-megapixel and 2-megapixel sensors. It is tipped to pack a 16-megapixel selfie camera. The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is expected to launch in the third quarter of this year. It will come with upgrades over the OnePlus Ace 2 Pro that debuted in August last year in China with a price tag of CNY 2,999 (roughly Rs. 34,600) for the base model with 12GB of RAM and 256GB of storage. OnePlus 13 Early Leak Points to Three 50-Megapixel Rear Cameras    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Infinix XPad Tipped to Launch Soon; Will Be Company's First-Ever Tablet" ,  Infinix may extend its product line soon and introduce its first-ever tablet. The company has yet to officially announce a self-branded tablet, however, the likely moniker of this rumoured device has surfaced online. A report claims that the tablet could carry the name Infinix XPad. A few expected features of the rumoured tablet have also been tipped in the report. Notably, Infinix recently launched its first gaming laptop, the Infinix GT Book, in India. It is also set to unveil the Infinix Note 40 5G in the country soon. Infinix XPad launch (expected) The Infinix XPad may be unveiled soon as the first-ever tablet from Infinix, according to a Gizmochina report, which claims that the Infinix XPad with the model number X1101B was spotted in their database. The report did not hint at a probable launch timeline for the tablet. Infinix XPad features (expected) The aforementioned report suggested that the Infinix XPad could be a mid-range offering. Therefore, we are unlikely to see flagship features on this tablet. It is unclear if the tablet will be available in Wi-Fi only and Wi-Fi + LTE variants. Infinix GT Book First Impressions: Good First Attempt Notably, the company recently launched its first gaming laptop, the Infinix GT Book in India. It starts at Rs. 59,990 for the 12th Gen Intel Core i5 CPU and Nvidia GeForce RTX 3050 GPU option. The laptop sports a 16-inch full-HD+ display with a 120Hz refresh rate and features a Cyber Mecha Design with RGB Lighting as well as an RGB keyboard. Infinix Note 40 5G India Launch Date Announced: Check Design, Key Features


Infinix Zero 40 5G, Zero 40 4G Key Specifications Leak: See Design Infinix is also set to launch the Infinix Note 40 5G in India on June 21. It will be equipped with a 6.78-inch 120Hz full-HD+ AMOLED screen with a 93.8 percent screen-to-body ratio. The handset will also pack a 5,000mAh battery with 33W wired fast charging and 15W wireless MagCharge support.   Will the Nothing Phone 2 serve as the successor to the Phone 1, or will the two co-exist? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google’s Magic Editor Reportedly Available on Samsung Phones; Magic Eraser, More Become Free-to-Use" ,  Google's AI-powered photo-editing feature – Magic Editor – is now arriving on Samsung smartphones and older Pixel devices. The feature was first introduced with the company's Pixel 8 lineup of smartphones and remained exclusive to them for a while. However, Google in April announced that many of the photo-editing features powered by artificial intelligence (AI) would be making their way to other Android smartphones too and would be available via the Google Photos app. AI-Powered editing features on Android smartphones Although Google previously announced that the Magic Editor would be available on Android smartphones starting May 15, it is now reportedly being rolled out to a wider range of handsets. First spotted by 9to5Mac, the changes are reflected following the Google Photos app update that brings it to version 9.85. One of the features that is reported to be arriving on Android devices is the Magic Editor, which was first rolled out with the Google Pixel 8 series. Leveraging generative AI, Magic Editor can reimagine photos by giving users the freedom to tweak images. Using the tool in Google Photos, they can reposition the subject or change the background or the sky. Gemini Nano on Google Pixel 8, Pixel 8a Improves This Recorder App Feature Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to verify the rollout of the Magic Editor feature on Samsung smartphones, even on Google Photos app version 9.86. Magic Editor is free to use on older Pixel smartphones, but there is a limit for Samsung and other Android handsets, as per the report. Users will be able to make 10 Magic Editor library saves per month, following which a Google One subscription would be required, the report states. As per the report, other features such as Photo Unblur, Magic Eraser, Portrait Blur, Sky Suggestions, cinematic photos, portrait light, and more, have been made free for Android users, which were previously under a paid plan. That means when editing photos, users won't encounter Google One restrictions anymore. This change was visible to Gadgets 360 members on multiple devices from other OEMs too. Google Could Make It Easier for You to Talk to Gemini, Report Suggests


Google's Pixel Watch 3 XL May Look Like This Previous-Gen Smartwatch Notably, the Google One subscription starts at Rs. 130 per month for the Basic plan which gives users access to 100GB of storage for Photos, Gmail, and Drive. However, only the Premium plan offers access to the Magic Editor and other AI-powered photo editing features, which is priced at Rs. 650 per month. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Specifications Allegedly Revealed in Massive Leak, Suggest Minor Hardware Upgrades" ,  Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 could launch next month if recent rumours are to be believed. While Samsung has largely been tightlipped about the next-generation foldables, a slew of leaks over the past weeks disclosed a lot about their price and design. A new leak has now surfaced that suggests complete specifications of the Galaxy Z Fold 6. The leak also corroborates all recent rumours. The phone is said to run a custom Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Mobile Platform for Galaxy SoC and pack a 4,400mAh battery. Smartprix shared a specification sheet for the Galaxy Z Fold 6 that suggests many of its features. As per the report, the book-style foldable will be available in navy, pink, and silver shadow shades. The leak hints at minor improvements like a larger inner display and a lighter build over Galaxy Z Fold 5. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 specifications (leaked) The dual SIM (nano) Galaxy Z Fold 6 is said to feature a 7.6-inch QXGA+ (1,856x2,160 pixels) Dynamic AMOLED 2X inner screen with 120Hz refresh rate. It is reported to get an external 6.3-inch Dynamic AMOLED 2X display with 968x 2,376 pixels resolution and 120Hz refresh rate. Last year's Galaxy Z Fold 5 has a 6.2-inch cover screen. It could run on Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 for Galaxy with up to 3.39GHz clock speed and 12GB LPDDR5X RAM. It is said to come in 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB storage options. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Listed on Geekbench With Exynos 2400 SoC Samsung is said to pack a triple rear camera setup on the Galaxy Z Fold 6, comprising a 50-megapixel wide-angle camera with OIS (optical image stabilisation), a 12-megapixel ultra-wide-angle camera with 120-degree field of view, and a 10-megapixel telephoto camera with 30x digital zoom. It is likely to include a 10-megapixel camera on the cover display and a 4-megapixel under-display camera on the inner screen. The rear camera setup is said to support 8K video shooting at 30fps The Galaxy Z Fold 6 is said to pack a 4,400mAh battery like its predecessor. It is reported to come with a USB Type-C port, Bluetooth 5.3, and Wi-Fi 6. The foldable could measure 153.5 x 68.1 x 12.1mm while folded and 153.5 x 132.6 x 5.6mm when unfolded. It is said to weigh 239 grams, slightly lighter than the Galaxy Z Fold 5.  Samsung Galaxy S25 Tipped to Have the Same Battery as Its Predecessor  




title = "LinkedIn Introduces New AI-Powered Features to Assist Professionals in Job Search" ,  LinkedIn is rolling out several new artificial intelligence (AI) features that will assist users in job search and personalised learning on the platform. Announced on Thursday, these AI-powered features include a Jobseeker Coach that can hunt the right job for users from a text prompt, a tool to review resumes and applications, a chatbot that can interactively assist in creating cover letters, and help in seeking professional advice. These features are currently being rolled out globally for the Premium users of the platform. LinkedIn rolls out new AI features In a newsroom post, LinkedIn announced a new feature that is grouped under the platform's AI-powered job experience. Currently, it is only available in English, but the company said that in the future it will add more enhancements based on user feedback. An AI-powered Jobseeker Coach, which is an integrated chatbot, is being added. The chatbot can search for jobs based on simple text prompts. For instance, users can type, “Find me a job in cybersecurity within my network” or “Find me a job UI/UX designer job in Bengaluru that pays at least Rs. 10 lakh a year,” and the AI will look through its database to bring helpful suggestions. Users can also use it to implement ways to stand out in search results. Yahoo News App Receiving New AI Features for Personalised News Discovery LinkedIn is also adding a tool that can review users' applications and resumes and help them stand out. The AI will offer constructive feedback and personalised suggestions that can be tailored to specific job posts. Additionally, the tool will also assist in improving the cover letter by offering recommendations that can be manually reviewed and edited. The platform is also adding a couple of tools to help professionals get advice and learn new skills. Expert advice is a new feature where LinkedIn Premium users can get personalised advice from business leaders and coaches. These AI bots are trained by real experts, the company claimed. Luma AI’s Dream Machine Will Let You Generate AI Videos for Free


Gemini Nano on Google Pixel 8, Pixel 8a Improves This Recorder App Feature Finally, a Personalised coaching feature will help users when they take new courses on the platform. They will be able to ask for content summary, clarification on certain topics, or real-time insights and examples. While LinkedIn has started rolling out the feature to users, it may take a few days before these are visible to everyone. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Tab S10+ Listed on Geekbench With MediaTek Dimensity Chipset" ,  Samsung Galaxy Tab S10+ may launch later this year as a successor to the Galaxy Tab S9+. The latter was unveiled in July 2023 alongside a base Galaxy Tab S9 and a Galaxy Tab S9 Ultra variant. While there are no details available on the upcoming Galaxy Tab S10 series, a new Samsung tablet has surfaced online that is alleged to be the Galaxy Tab S10+. The tablet has been spotted on a benchmarking website that hints at a few key features like chipset, RAM and OS. Samsung Galaxy Tab S10+ specifications (expected) A new Samsung tablet with the model number SM-X828U was spotted on Geekbench. Tipster Ice Universe (@UniverseIce) claimed in an X post that this is the US version of the Galaxy Tab S10+. They added that the processor details listed on Geekbench suggested that the tablet is being tested with the MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chipset. As per the Geekbench listing, the alleged Galaxy Tab S10+ with the MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ SoC scored 2,141 and 6,952 points on the single and multi-core tests, respectively. It also showed that the tablet supports 12GB of RAM and runs on Android 14. Samsung Wallet Users Can Now Book Flight, Other Tickets Through Paytm If the Samsung Galaxy Tab S10+ launches with a MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ chip, it will be a departure from the Snapdragon chipset found on the Galaxy Tab S9 variants. Samsung Galaxy Tab S9+ features The current Samsung Galaxy Tab S9+ is backed by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC paired with up to 12GB of RAM and runs on Android 13-based UI. It sports a 12.4-inch Dynamic AMOLED 2X display with up to 120Hz refresh rate. For optics, the Samsung Galaxy Tab S9+ carries a 13-megapixel primary sensor alongside an 8-megapixel ultra-wide shooter at the back and a 12-megapixel sensor at the front. The tablet is backed by a 10,090mAh battery, claimed to offer up to 16 hours of video playback time. Samsung Galaxy S25 Tipped to Have the Same Battery as Its Predecessor


Samsung Galaxy Watch FE With 1.2-Inch Super AMOLED Screen Launched The Samsung Galaxy Tab S9+ launched in India at Rs. 90,999 for the Wi-Fi variant and Rs. 1,04,999 for the Wi-Fi + Cellular variant. It is available in a single configuration with 12GB RAM and 256GB onboard storage.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iOS 18’s Control Centre Revamp Brings a Quicker Way to Shut Down Your iPhone" ,  Apple introduced several new features for the iPhone with the iOS 18 showcase at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on Monday. One of the key highlights was the Control Centre revamp that is getting a new controls gallery with many more options than before. Furthermore, users will also be able to swipe across pages to access additional controls and toggles. One feature Apple did not showcase but has made its way to iOS 18 is an easier way to turn off the iPhone. New Power off shortcut on iPhone The iOS 18 Developer Beta 1 brings the revamped Control Centre. One of the notable additions is a quick option to turn off the iPhone. Instead of having to press and hold the Volume Down + Power buttons and then swipe the slider, the new power button can be toggled to turn off the device quickly.  New Power Button in iOS 18 Control Centre As visible in the image above, this shortcut can be found in the Control Centre at the top-right corner of the screen. To access it, simply swipe down to bring up the Control Centre. Tap on the new power button and it will bring up the slider used to turn the iPhone off. Gadgets 360 staff members were able to verify the availability and usability of this feature by installing the iOS 18 Developer Beta 1 update. This new shortcut is just one of the many features which Apple added to the iPhone with its new update but did not advertise during the keynote at the developer event. Extended power reserve Another feature which Apple did not advertise but is said to have been rolled out is an extended power reserve. With iOS 18, the iPhone still continues to display the time even when it runs out of juice for an extended period, it is claimed. The discovery was made by a user in the iOSBeta subreddit. iPhone 15 Pro’s Action Button Will Offer More Functionalities With iOS 18


Samsung Hires Ex-Apple Executive to Run Its New AI Division


Apple Watch to Gain Automatic Sleep Tracking Support With watchOS 11 Furthermore, an “iPhone is Findable” banner also allegedly appears at the bottom of the screen, suggesting that the Find My feature might work for a longer duration with the extended power reserve. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Amazon Reportedly Struggling to Build AI Capabilities to Make Alexa Smarter" ,  Amazon introduced its voice-first virtual assistant Alexa to the world in November 2014. The technology's name is said to be inspired by Star Trek's computer system onboard the Starship Empire and underscored CEO Jeff Bezos' ambition of creating a conversational and intelligent assistant. However, a report claims that despite a tech demo last year showing a contextually aware Alexa, it is nowhere close to being integrated with artificial intelligence (AI) to be smarter. A former Amazon employee who was working on Alexa AI has also highlighted knowledge silos and fragmented organisation structures being detrimental to Alexa's advancement. Former Amazon employee highlights issues with improving Alexa In a long post on X (formerly known as Twitter), Mihail Eric, who worked as Amazon's Senior Machine Learning Scientist at Alexa AI between 2019 and 2021, shared his experience of working in the company and the challenges he faced. He also explained why Alexa was a project doomed for failure. Highlighting the “bad technical process” in the company, Eric said the company had a very fragmented organisational structure, which meant getting data to conduct training for large language models (LLM). “It would take weeks to get access to any internal data for analysis or experiments. Data was poorly annotated. Documentation was either nonexistent or stale,” he added. Amazon to Buy Some Assets of MX Player in a Deal Worth $100 Million He also said that different teams were working on identical issues, which created an atmosphere of internal competition which was not productive. Further, he found managers were not interested in collaborating on projects that did not reward them. In the post, Eric shared several instances where the organisation structure and policies came in the way of developing “an Amazon ChatGPT (well before ChatGPT was released).” Amazon employees reportedly highlight Alexa's struggles Fortune published a long report where it cited more than a dozen unnamed Amazon employees to highlight the issues the company is facing in integrating AI capabilities into the virtual assistant. One particular issue that surfaced was that Alexa's current capabilities make it harder to integrate a modern tech stack. Amazon Fire TV Devices Will Now Let You Search for Movie Recommendations Reportedly, Alexa is trained to respond in “utterances”, which essentially means that it was created to respond to a user command and announce that it was running the requested command (or that it could not understand the user). As a result, Alexa was not programmed for back-and-forth conversation. The publication cited a former Amazon machine learning scientist, who explained that the model also resulted in Amazon customers learning a more efficient way of communicating with the virtual assistant, which was to give a short prompt for the action. This created another problem. Despite having hundreds of millions of users who actively speak with Alexa on a daily basis, the data is suited for utterance training and not conversations. This has reportedly created a big data gap in the organisation. Further, the report claims that Alexa is a cost centre for Amazon, and the company loses billions each year as the technology cannot be monetised yet. Meanwhile, Amazon Web Services (AWS) has an AI assistant dubbed Amazon Q which is offered to specific enterprises as an add-on and generates money. Over the years, the Amazon Q division has seen more investments and even integration with Anthropic's Claude AI model. However, Alexa's AI team was not given access to Claude due to data privacy concerns. Samsung Wallet Users Can Now Book Flight, Other Tickets Through Paytm When Fortune reached out to Amazon, a spokesperson reportedly denied the claims and said these details provided by employees were dated and did not reflect the division's current state of LLM development. While that may be true, the more conversational Alexa seen at the tech demo last year is yet to be released to the public by the tech giant. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G Set to Launch in India on June 18; Expected Price, Specifications" ,  OnePlus is gearing up to launch a new Nord-series smartphone in India next week. The company on Friday teased the handset through a social media post without revealing the moniker. Meanwhile, an Amazon listing has disclosed the upcoming handset's name — OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G — alongside RAM and storage details. It is expected to feature a Qualcomm Snapdragon chipset under the hood. It will come as a successor to last year's OnePlus Nord CE 3 Lite 5G. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite to launch next week Through an X post, OnePlus announced the arrival of a new Nord-series smartphone in the country. As per the post, the handset will be launched at 7:00pm IST on June 18. Although the company did not confirm the moniker, an Amazon microsite revealed that the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite will break cover on June 18.  Amazon has created a microsite for OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5GPhoto Credit: Amazon  The Amazon listing confirms 8GB RAM + 128GB storage configuration and Mega Blue colour option for the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite. However, OnePlus is expected to make it available in a few other shades and RAM and storage options. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro Leaked Schematics Hint at This Design OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G price, specifications (expected) Specifications and possible pricing of the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G had leaked in the past. It is said to be priced below Rs. 20,000 in the country. The OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G could feature a 6.67-inch full-HD+ OLED display with 120Hz refresh rate. It is expected to run on Qualcomm Snapdragon 695 SoC or Snapdragon 6 Gen 1 SoC. The phone is likely to get a dual rear camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel primary camera and a 2-megapixel depth camera. It is said to house a 5,500mAh battery that supports 80W wired charging. Other leaked specifications include an in-display fingerprint sensor, a 16-megapixel selfie shooter, and an Android 14 operating system. OnePlus is likely to provide two years of OS updates alongside three years of security updates for the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite 5G. It is expected to be a rebrand of the China-exclusive Oppo K12x. OnePlus 13 Early Leak Points to Three 50-Megapixel Rear Cameras    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Wallet to Offer Flight, Movie, Other Ticket Booking Services in India in Partnership with Paytm" ,  Samsung announced a partnership with One97 Communications, the parent company of Paytm, to facilitate a more streamlined ticket booking experience on Thursday. As part of this collaboration between the South Korean tech giant and the Indian financial services company, Samsung Wallet will now offer ticket booking services for flights, movies, events and more through Paytm. Additionally, Samsung Galaxy smartphone users will now be able to add their tickets purchased outside of the platform to the Wallet app. Samsung Wallet-Paytm partnership In a blog post, Samsung said that services offered by Paytm will now be integrated into the Samsung Wallet app. Following this move, users can purchase tickets for flights, movies, shows and events directly through Samsung Wallet. A new 'Add to Samsung Wallet' button has also been introduced, which allows users to add existing tickets to the app.  Samsung Wallet-Paytm PartnershipPhoto Credit: Samsung These services are available to Samsung Galaxy smartphone users and can be utilised by updating the Wallet app. Notably, flight and movie ticket bookings can be made via Paytm, while the Paytm Insider app offers ticket booking for events and shows. According to the company, it will also introduce discounts of up to Rs. 1,150 on first-time bookings via the newly offered services in the future. YouTube Said to Be Testing a New Way to Disrupt Ad Blockers: How It Works


Gemini Nano on Google Pixel 8, Pixel 8a Improves This Recorder App Feature


How WhatsApp Is Improving Video Calling Across Its Mobile and Desktop Apps In addition to the Paytm partnership, Samsung Wallet is also set to launch a new Referral Programme. Users can earn gift card worth Rs. 100 for every successful registration when they refer someone, but this is capped at Rs. 300. Furthermore, a Samsung Wallet tap and pay offer is also set to be announced soon. It will give users an Amazon gift card worth Rs. 250 after carrying out four tap-and-pay transactions, the company said. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme Buds Air 6 Pro With ANC, Up to 40-Hours of Total Battery Life to Launch in India on June 20" ,  Realme Buds Air 6 Pro are set to launch in India next week. The company has revealed the launch date of the true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones alongside their design and some of the key features. It has also confirmed the availability details of the earphones, which are confirmed to feature noise cancellation, dual drivers, dual-device connection, and Hi-Res certification. Notably, the upcoming TWS earphones will join the Realme Buds Air 6, which were unveiled in the country in May. Realme Buds Air 6 Pro India launch date, availability The company announced that the Realme Buds Air 6 Pro will launch in India on June 20 at 1:30pm IST alongside the Realme GT 6. The TWS earphones will be available for purchase via Flipkart and the Realme India website. Realme Buds Air 6 Pro are seen in the promotional images in a grey colour option. The design of the earphones, as well as the charging case, appear similar to that of the vanilla Realme Buds Air 6. The case has an oval, pebble-like appearance with a glossy finish. The earphones have a traditional, in-ear design with silicone tips and rounded stems. Realme Buds Air 6 With Up to 50dB ANC Debut in India: Check Price Realme Buds Air 6 Pro features The Realme Buds Air 6 Pro are confirmed to support up to 50dB of active noise cancellation (ANC) and LDAC connectivity. They are said to be equipped with a six-mic system and offer support for Hi-Res Audio. The earphones are also confirmed to carry dual drivers including an 11mm bass driver and a 6mm micro-planar tweeter. Realme also revealed that the upcoming Buds Air 6 Pro earphones will support 360-degree Spatial Audio Effect that is claimed to offer a cinematic sound experience. They will also support dual device connection which means users will be able to simultaneously pair two devices with the earphones — a smartphone and a tablet, for instance. Realme GT 6 Camera Gets Detailed Ahead of Debut Next Week


Realme GT 6 Battery, Charging Speed Revealed Ahead of India Launch The Realme Buds Air 6 Pro are claimed to provide playback time of up to 10 hours and total battery life of up to 40 hours with the charging case from a single charge. The company added that with 10 minutes of charge, the earphones can offer up to seven hours of usage.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Solana Bond Blockchain Customer Loyalty Platform Unveiled by Solana Labs" ,  Solana Labs has unveiled a blockchain-powered verification platform for brands that offer loyalty programmes. The company behind the popular Solana blockchain has launched ‘Bond', which is a customer engagement platform that is claimed to be helpful to companies that wish to improve the longevity and security of their customer loyalty initiatives. Bond uses blockchain to create personalised, transparent, and engaging digital experiences, according to Solana Labs. Solana Labs unveils blockchain-based Bond platform: How it works Earlier this week, Solana Labs announced the launch of Bond on X (formerly Twitter), stating that it will address critical limitations in the current loyalty programs which includes losing direct relationships with end consumers, sharing private data, risking compromised relationships, and losing strategic control among others. EU’s MiCA Crypto Framework Finalised By EBA Ahead of July Deadline The blockchain firm says that many brands across industries are trying to refresh their marketing strategies with Web3 elements in an attempt to rope in the interest of younger customers. Solana says that Bond is able to deliver personalised interactions and digital activations bundled with customer loyalty programmes. The platform will also let brands create an ecosystem on a public blockchain while customising privacy settings for the customer data stored by brands. “Bond is a technology stack that enables brands to create experiences that strengthen their customers' allegiance and connection through seamless user-centred design, trusted interactions, and enhanced brand partnerships,” the company's webpage says. South Korea Will Classify These NFTs as Regular Cryptocurrencies The sectors of digital collectibles, luxury goods, digital product passports and identities, as well as collaborative campaigns can benefit from this initiative. This platform will be open for use for global brands, according to Solana Labs. In recent times, brands like Mastercard, Visa, Flipkart, and Lufthansa Airlines are offering loyalty programmes for Web3 and non-Web3 initiatives.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Yahoo News App Gets an AI-Powered Revamp, Integrates Artifact’s Technology for Personalised News Discovery" ,  Yahoo News app is getting a significant revamp that will bring several new artificial intelligence (AI) features to the news reporting and aggregation platform. The company highlighted that the new app's AI capabilities come from the now-defunct AI news app Artifact. Yahoo acquired the platform in April 2024, and it has now integrated its architecture within its news app. The platform now offers a customisable feed, key takeaways of articles and top stories, tools for easy sharing, and the ability to mark headlines as clickbait to users. Yahoo News App gets AI features Artifact was created by Instagram Co-Founders Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger in 2023 as an AI-powered news aggregation and recommendation platform. The duo attempted to integrate gamification and social media elements into the platform but had to shut shop just a year later due to its lack of popularity. However, Yahoo acquired the platform for an undisclosed amount. Now, the company has integrated Artifact to revamp its news app. “The proprietary AI-powered personalisation technology and other features have been integral in the development of this differentiated mobile app that gives people opportunities to catch-up-quick or dive deeper, all while seeing more of what matters and is useful to them, all in one place,” Yahoo said in a press release. Luma AI’s Dream Machine Will Let You Generate AI Videos for Free With this revamp, the Yahoo News app gets an AI-powered personalised feed where users can select topics and publishers as per their preferences and the AI will show more of that content. Top Stories is another new feature that shows the day's trending news topics across the planet. Soon, an AI-powered takeaways feature will also be released on each trending topic that will allow users to catch up to the major stories quickly. The Key Takeaways feature in the app generates key points of a news article and displays them at the top to give users a fair idea of what the article is about. Apart from these, users will also have the ability to block certain keywords and share articles on third-party apps. Yahoo is also experimenting with gamification. It has added streaks and badges for those who read a certain number of articles per day, and continue to do so consistently. Gemini Nano on Google Pixel 8, Pixel 8a Improves This Recorder App Feature


Microsoft Will Not Ship AI-Powered Recall With Copilot+ PCs Next Week Interested individuals can find the Yahoo News app on Android's Google Play Store and the iOS App Store. However, currently, it is only available in certain countries. The app is not available in India. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Elden Ring Has Sold 25 Million Copies Worldwide, Developer FromSoftware Confirms" ,  Elden Ring has sold 25 million copies globally, developer FromSoftware confirmed this week. The acclaimed action-RPG, which became a worldwide phenomenon after its release in 2022, reached the milestone ahead of the launch of its first major expansion, Shadow of the Erdtree, which arrives later this month. Elden Ring is FromSoftware's highest selling title comfortably, blowing past popular titles like Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice and Dark Souls III, both of which sold 10 million units. Elden Ring sales milestone FromSoftware made the announcement in an X post Wednesday, thanking Elden Ring players. The sales figure likely includes both physical version units sold and the game's downloadable digital release across all platforms. “We have come a long way together. We are ever thankful for your passion and support,” the Elden Ring account on X posted after the confirmation. 『ELDEN RING』の世界累計出荷本数が2,500万本を突破しました。本作をプレイしてくださった皆さん、本当にありがとうございます。 pic.twitter.com/E9mTgNtRfS— FROMSOFTWARE (@fromsoftware_pr) June 12, 2024 Back in February, publisher Bandai Namco had confirmed that Elden Ring had sold 23 million copies since its release in February 2022. The RPG has sped past the 25-million mark in a few months, likely due to anticipation for its expansion, Shadow of the Erdtree. The base game had reached the 20-million sales mark back in February 2023, Bandai Namco had confirmed at the time. “The companies would like to thank everyone who has played this game from the bottom of their hearts, and will continue to develop various ways for the fans to enjoy the world of ELDEN RING in the future,” the publisher had said in a statement then. Elden Ring Shadow of the Erdtree Trailer Teases Miquella and Messmer's Story Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree release First announced last year, Elden Ring: Shadow of the Erdtree is set for release on June 21 across PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One and Xbox Series S/X. The expansion requires the base game to be playable and will also be sold in a bundle that packages the base game with it in a single offering. Shadow of the Erdtree will focus on Miquella, brother of infamous Elden Ring boss Malenia. The expansion will be set in a new region, called the Realm of Shadow, and will feature a new primary antagonist, Messmer the Impaler. FromSoftware has said that Shadow of the Erdtree is their biggest expansion to date and will bring new characters, story and a new map area. Elden Ring Has Sold Over 23 Million Copies, Bandai Namco Confirms Elden Ring was released on 25 February, 2022, and went on to win the Game of the Year title at The Game Awards 2022.  What are the most exciting titles that gamers can look forward to in 2023? We discuss some of our favourites on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S25 to Debut With Same 4,000mAh Battery as Galaxy S24: Report" ,  Samsung Galaxy S24 series comprising the standard model, Galaxy S24+, and the flagship Galaxy S24 Ultra arrived in January with a host of new features and upgraded processors. While their successors are not expected to arrive for several months, rumours about next year's Galaxy S series handsets have already started to surface online. Over the past few weeks, we have uncovered details about the cameras and chipset on the purported Samsung Galaxy S25. Now details of the battery on the handset have surfaced online. Samsung Galaxy S25 battery details leaked GalaxyClub reports (in Dutch) that the Galaxy S25 will be equipped with a 4,000mAh battery, just like the current-generation Galaxy S24 model. The upcoming phone's battery is said to have a rated capacity of 3,881mAh like its predecessor and this could translate to an advertised typical capacity of 4,000mAh. The publication also states that the South Korean tech conglomerate has registered the name “Galaxy S25” in Mexico to protect the brand. The handset is said to have SM-S931 model number. Samsung Galaxy S24 Review: Best Compact Phone of the Year? Samsung's battery upgrades on previous Galaxy S series phones The battery capacity of Galaxy S series smartphones has undergone changes over the past few years. The older Galaxy S20 and Galaxy S21 models arrived with a 4,000mAh battery, while the Galaxy S22 got a smaller 3,700mAh battery. Samsung equipped the Galaxy S23 model launched in January 2023 with a 3,900mAh battery. The Galaxy S24 has received a bump in battery capacity by 100mAh to 4,000mAh. While enthusiasts might have expected an increase in battery capacity beyond 4,000mAh in 2025, the report suggests that this might not happen. The Galaxy S24+ and Galaxy S24 Ultra are equipped with 4,900mAh and 5,000mAh battery units, respectively. It is recommended to take these details with a grain of salt, as the purported Samsung Galaxy S25 is not expected to debut for several months. Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra US Variant Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website Samsung could announce the Galaxy S25 lineup with significant design changes in January 2025, based on the company's previous launch schedules. The vanilla model is tipped to come with a larger 6.36-inch display — the existing model has a 6.2-inch screen. It is likely to run on Exynos 2500 chipset in all markets. Samsung is rumoured to ditch ISOCELL sensors and use Sony image sensors as the main camera on the Galaxy S25 and Galaxy S25+.   




title = "YouTube Reportedly Testing New Method to Disrupt Ad Blockers Amid Ongoing Crackdown" ,  YouTube is reportedly developing another way to crack down on third-party ad blockers, as the video streaming platform looks to increase revenue from users who don't have a YouTube Premium subscription. It is speculated that this change may combine the video and ad streams, preventing popular browser plugins from blocking these ads from being displayed. This development comes weeks after users reported about videos automatically skipping to the end when using third-party ad blockers on the Alphabet-owned video streaming service. YouTube reportedly combining video and ad streams In a post on X (formerly Twitter), SponsorBlock a plugin that skips past sponsored sections of YouTube videos claims that YouTube is merging ads directly to the video stream. At present, videos and ads are said to be two separate elements. The player automatically pauses the video to display the ads at specified timestamps. YouTube is currently experimenting with server-side ad injection. This means that the ad is being added directly into the video stream.This breaks sponsorblock since now all timestamps are offset by the ad times.— SponsorBlock (@sponsorblock@fosstodon.org) (@SponsorBlock) June 12, 2024 With this change, the video stream is a continuous one, meaning third-party ad blockers may not be able to block them anymore, according to SponsorBlock. The open-source browser extension said that it may not be able to function properly if server-side ads are introduced, as "all timestamps are offset by the ad times." YouTube's crackdown on ad blockers continues Users with ad blockers enabled reported last month that they were facing another issue – videos have started to automatically skip to the end. In the YouTube subreddit, a user reported that they were unable to watch videos when an ad blocker is turned on. The user also allegedly tried to skip to certain sections of the video, but it appears to fast-forward to the end automatically. In some cases where some users were able to circumvent this issue, the audio playback disappeared. This meant while they were able to watch the video, the audio was missing. Gemini Nano on Google Pixel 8, Pixel 8a Improves This Recorder App Feature


How WhatsApp Is Improving Video Calling Across Its Mobile and Desktop Apps


Google Could Make It Easier for You to Talk to Gemini, Report Suggests This crackdown is speculated to be part of YouTube's “global effort” taking on ad blockers. As per the video-streaming platform, these programs, often presented as browser plugins, violate its API services' terms of service. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Infinix Note 40 5G India Launch Date Set for June 21; Design, Colour Options, Key Features Revealed" ,  Infinix Note 40 5G launch in India will take place next week, according to the company. The smartphone will join the Infinix Note 40 Pro 5G lineup which was introduced in the country in April this year. The company has announced the Infinix Note 40 5G India launch date, while revealing some key details of the handset, including its design and colour options. Notably, the phone was launched in the Philippines last month and a similar version is expected to debut in India. Infinix Note 40 5G India launch date, design, colour options On Friday the company said in a press release that the Infinix Note 40 5G will launch in India on June 21. The handset will feature a triple rear camera unit placed within a slightly raised rectangular module. The display is seen with very slim bezels and a centre aligned hole punch cutout to house the front facing camera sensor. The USB Type-C charging port and speaker grilles appear on the bottom edge of the handset, while the right edge holds the volume rocker and the power button. The smartphone is also confirmed to launch in the country in Obsidian Black and Titan Gold colour options. Infinix Note 40 Series Racing Edition With Up to 100W Fast Charging Debuts Infinix Note 40 5G India variant features The Indian variant of the Infinix Note 40 5G will sport a 6.78-inch full-HD+ AMOLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate and a 93.8 percent screen-to-body ratio. The handset is also confirmed to be backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 33W wired fast charging as well as 15W wireless MagCharge support. The Infinix Note 40 5G will also come with a sound system developed in partnership with JBL, similar to the ones seen in the Infinix Note 40 Pro+ 5G and the Infinix Note 40 Pro 5G. This system is claimed to offer immersive audio, 360-degree symmetrical sound and a boosted bass. Infinix Note 40 5G specifications (Expected) While the specifications of the Indian variant of the Infinix Note 40 5G are yet to be announced, the model launched in the Philippines is powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 7020 SoC paired with 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM and 256GB of UFS2.2 onboard storage. The phone ships with Android 14-based XOS 14 and an IP53 rating for dust and splash resistance. Infinix Note 40 Pro 5G Series With Dimensity 7020 SoC Launched in India


Infinix GT 20 Pro Review For optics, the Infinix Note 40 5G carries a triple rear camera unit which includes a 108-megapixel primary sensor alongside two 2-megapixel sensors. The front camera of the handset is equipped with a 32-megapixel sensor.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Luma AI Launches AI-Powered Text-to-Video Generation Platform Dream Machine" ,  Luma AI launched its artificial intelligence (AI) text-to-video generation model, Dream Machine, globally on Wednesday. The platform can generate up to five-second-long videos from simple or descriptive text prompts. The AI model can generate videos in various styles such as cinematic, animation, realistic, and more. The AI firm claims that Dream Machine was trained entirely on videos, and is capable of generating “physically accurate, consistent and eventful shots.” The platform is currently free to access and use, but it is likely to have a daily generation limit. Luma AI debuts Dream Machine According to the website, the Dream Machine AI model is built on a transformer model and was trained directly on videos. Usually, large language models (LLMs) are trained on text and images and then are moved to videos, as they require a deeper spatial and motion understanding. “Dream Machine is our first step towards building a universal imagination engine,” the company added. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Dream Machine joins video generation platforms such as Runway AI and Pika 1.0 which are also available in the public domain and offer video generation between three to five seconds. Gadgets 360 tried the platform and found that the prompt adherence of the platform is sub-par. It struggles with multiple characters or when the prompt is too complex. However, compared to the other two, it is capable of generating higher-quality cinematic videos. The AI platform takes 120 seconds to generate a video which the company claims will have 120 different frames. Dream Machine is also said to understand how people, animals, and objects interact with the physical world and create videos with accurate physics and character consistency. However, Luma AI also highlighted several limitations in the current mode such as movement, text, morphing, and the famous Janus problem, where instead of showing a consistent 3D output, the AI model shows multiple canonical views of an object in different directions.  Luma AI's Dream Machine creates a video about StormtroopersPhoto Credit: Luma AI/Dream Machine  Luma AI has not shared any technical details about the AI model, so information about parameter size, benchmarks, architecture, and training methods is not known. The company also did not share any details about the procurement of the training data. Notably, Gadgets 360 was able to generate several videos with copyrighted characters in them. Microsoft Will Not Ship AI-Powered Recall With Copilot+ PCs Next Week


Google Could Make It Easier for You to Talk to Gemini, Report Suggests


Stable Diffusion 3 Medium Released With Ability to Run on Consumer Laptops To try out the platform, enthusiasts can go to the website and click on the ‘Try Now' button. Users will have to sign up for the platform before they can generate videos. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Motorola Razr 50 Series, Motorola S50 Neo Launch Date Set for June 25; Specifications Revealed" ,  Motorola Razr 50 series launch timeline has finally been announced by the company. The next generation foldables from the Lenovo-owned smartphone maker are expected to arrive as the Motorola Razr 50 and Motorola Razr 50 Ultra, the successors to the Razr 40 and Razr 40 Ultra, respectively. They are confirmed to be unveiled alongside the Motorola S50 Neo. Lenovo China has listed the new devices revealing their design and key specifications. The arrival of the Motorola Razr 50 series and Motorola S50 Neo in China on June 25 was announced  via a post on Weibo, the Chinese microblogging platform. The launch event will begin at 2pm local time (11:30am IST). The foldable phones are teased to arrive with several AI features like recent flagships. Motorola S50 Neo specifications The Motorola Razr 50 series and Motorola S50 Neo are currently listed on Lenovo's website in China. The listing of the latter shows the design and specifications of the phone. It has a curved OLED display with a hole punch cutout in the centre for housing a selfie shooter. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra Will Let You Generate AI Images With Magic Canvas As per the company's website, the Motorola S50 Neo will be available in black, blue and green colour options. It is confirmed to feature a 50-megapixel primary camera with a Sony IMX882 sensor with support for OIS. A 5,000mAh battery and a 7.59mm thin profile are the other features. Motorola Razr 50 series specifications (expected) Previously, the Motorola Razr 50 was spotted on Geekbench with a MediaTek Dimensity 7300X chipset, 8GB of RAM and Android 14. It is likely to feature a 4,200mAh battery and 33W fast charging support. It is tipped to come with a 6.9-inch pOLED inner display with a 120Hz, a 3.6-inch OLED cover screen and a dual rear camera setup. Motorola Edge 2024 With Customisable Quick Button Debuts: See Price As per past leaks, the Motorola Razr 50 Ultra will run on Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset. It is said to have a 6.9-inch main OLED screen and a 2-inch cover screen. It could feature 50-megapixel dual rear cameras and a 4,000mAh battery with 68W wired charging.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google's Gemini Nano Boosts Live Transcription on Pixel 8, Pixel 8a; Recorder App Gets New Shortcut" ,  Google Pixel smartphones received several new features as part of the Pixel Feature Drop for June that was rolled out earlier this week. One of the key upgrades that Google has rolled out improves the functionality of its Recorder app, with the addition of a new shortcut on the home screen. The app can also leverage the power of Google's Gemini Nano small language model (SLM) on handsets such as the Pixel 8 as well as the recently introduced Pixel 8a. Recorder App on Google Pixel In a blog post published earlier this week, Google announced new abilities for its smartphones. 9to5Google spotted a new shortcut for the Recorder app that appears as a red circle on a white background, matching the larger floating action button (FAB). This Record shortcut can now be placed on the home screen to quickly start a recording. The feature is speculated to provide a boost to the live transcription capabilities by bringing quick access to it. According to the publication, it is available with version 4.2.20240502.639621645 of the Recorder app on Pixel phones. Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to verify its availability. Google Pixel 8 Price in India Drops to All-Time Low: See New Price, Deals In addition to the new shortcut, Google said it is bringing Gemini Nano, its SLM built for on-device tasks to other handsets in the Pixel 8 series. While the flagship Pixel 8 Pro was already equipped with it, the Pixel 8 and 8a will now benefit from it. The SLM will be available for download in the developer options in the Pixel's settings and is reported to be about 1GB in size. As a result, the Pixel 8 and Pixel 8a will now be able to deliver “more detailed, downloadable summaries” via the Summarize feature in the Recorder app. Meanwhile, Pixel 8 Pro users can now take advantage of speaker labels in conversational transcripts. Google Gemini Nano comes to Google Messages In the Pixel Feature Drop for June, Google also announced a new and quicker way for users to have conversations with Gemini in the Messages app. Although a similar functionality exists in the app, a couple of steps are required before they can start conversing. Google Could Make It Easier for You to Talk to Gemini, Report Suggests


Google's Pixel Watch 3 XL May Look Like This Previous-Gen Smartwatch With the update, a Gemini FAB reportedly now appears above the start chat icon. This feature is said to have been spotted during an APK teardown of the Google Messages app version messages.android_20240610_01_RC00. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "MiCA Crypto Framework Finalised By European Banking Authority Ahead of July Deadline" ,  MiCA — or Markets in Crypto Assets — technical standards have been published by the European Banking Authority (EBA) on Thursday. Ahead of the upcoming July deadline, the EBA has published a detailed set of guidelines around technical standards that Web3 firms operating in the region will soon be mandated to adhere to. The aim is to ensure that the Web3 sector in the EU is safe, both financially as well as technically. The European Union (EU), last year, became one of the first regions in the world to regulate the crypto and Web3 sector with its MiCA regulations. In January 2023, the EU had said that it could take up to eighteen months for the EBA to provide guidelines on the technical standards for MiCA regulations – a task that now stands completed before the estimated deadline. MiCA regulations published by the EBA: What's new Binance is Training Macau Police in Web3-Related Offenses The EBA has addressed a number of issues in its final draft of technical standards for MiCA, including those related to liquidity requirements, stress testing programme, asset reserves, and recovery plans, the EBA wrote in its official announcement. Regulatory oversight on asset-referenced tokens (ARTs) and e-money tokens (EMTs) are also part of the EBA's guidelines. While ARTs maintain a stable value by being linked to other assets or fiat currencies, EMTs are digital representations of traditional fiat currencies. CBDCs (central bank digital currencies) are part of the EMT category of crypto assets. “These standards specify the criteria for the assessment of higher degree of risk and a minimum set of requirements for the design and implementation of their stress-testing programmes,” the EBA said on Thursday. It has also spelled out the procedure for authorities to determine the timeline of 25 working days for token issuers to increase and manage their own funds, eliminating risks for the holders of their tokens. Crypto Romance Scams Rise in the US, FTC Issues Warning: Details Token issuers within the EU have also been directed to adjust their own funds to three percent of the average reserve of their significant assets. Furthermore, the EBA has identified that crypto assets backed by real estate or commodities can be seen as highly valuable tools for liquidity. The EBA joined forces with the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) to work on these guidelines that makes the MiCA regulation more comprehensive. Both organisations agreed that that recovery plans for Web3 firms need to be properly streamlined to safeguard EU's investor base in light of the collapse of major crypto projects like FTX and Terra, that had left the sector reeling in 2022. “These envisage procedures for identifying, measuring and managing liquidity risk, a contingency policy and mitigation tools as well as minimum aspects of liquidity stress testing. Considering the feedback received during the consultation period, the Guidelines further specify the content of the communication and disclosure plan,” the EBA said in its announcement. About EU's MiCA regulations The Markets in Crypto Assets (MiCA) framework was approved by the EU in October 2022 by the European Parliament Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs (ECON). The legislation entered into force in June 2023. The aim of this legislation is to ensure consumer protection, prevent market manipulation, and curb financial crimes linked to digital assets in the EU. “MiCA has been pivotal in setting a harmonised regulatory standard for crypto-assets, issuers, and service providers, focusing on consumer protection, transparency, and market integrity,” the European Blockchain Observatory and Forum (EUBOF) had said, lauding the MiCA regulation in May this year.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Marshall Minor IV With 12mm Dynamic Drivers, Bluetooth Multipoint Support Launched in India" ,  Marshall Minor IV was launched in India on Thursday. The company's latest pair of true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones are equipped with 12mm dynamic drivers and dual microphones. They support multipoint Bluetooth connectivity and can be configured via the Marshall Bluetooth application. The earphones also have touch-enabled controls that help users control music playback as well as answer or reject calls. They also support a customisable equaliser that offers a personalised experience. The earbuds arrive with an IPX4 water resistance rating and are offered in a single colourway. Marshall Minor IV price in India, availability Marshall Minor IV price in India is set at Rs. 11,999 and will be available for sale via the official Marshall website starting June 15, according to the company. The company's audio products are also available for purchase via retail stores in the country. The earphones and the charging case are offered in a black leather-textured colourway. Marshall Stanmore III Bluetooth Speaker Review Marshall Minor IV specifications, features The newly announced Marshall Minor IV TWS headset is equipped with a 12mm dynamic driver along with two microphones on each earphone. It shares a similar in-ear design as the previous generation Marshall Minor III, but the shape of the earbuds is slightly altered, and the company says it is designed to offer a more comfortable fit. The wireless headset can be configured via the Marshall Bluetooth application, which allows users to customise equaliser settings for a more personalised sound experience. The touch controls on the stem of the earphones allow users to manage music player controls and answer or reject calls. The Marshall Minor IV come with Bluetooth LE Audio technology and support for multipoint connectivity. The latter allows users to pair the TWS earphones with more than one electronic device simultaneously, like a smartphone and a tablet or a laptop. The earphones also come with an IPX4 rating for splash resistance. New Sony LinkBuds, WH-1000XM6, WF-1000XM6 Launch Timeline Leaked


Apple Announces Beats Solo Buds Sale Date; Confirms Offline Availability The Marshall Minor IV earphones are claimed to offer a playback time of up to seven hours on a single charge. With the charging case, the total battery life of the earphones is claimed to be more than 30 hours. Fifteen minutes of charging can deliver up to three hours of playback, according to Marshall. The charging case takes two hours to charge completely, from zero to 100 percent, via a USB Type-C port.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp Announces Improved Video Calling Features for Mobile and Desktop Apps" ,  WhatsApp announced several feature improvements related to video calling for mobile and desktop users on Thursday. The participant limit for group video calls has been expanded across platforms, allowing up to 32 members to join the same call, up from the previous limit of just eight participants allowed on the WhatsApp Desktop app. In addition to the expansion of the video calling feature, users can also share their audio when sharing their screen with other participants. WhatsApp improves video calls across mobile and desktop apps In a blog post, the Meta-owned instant messaging platform explained that the latest update will bring improvements to screen sharing on the app. When watching videos with other participants while sharing their screen, a user will also be able to share the audio playing, according to the company. WhatsApp also revealed an increase in the number of participants who can join video calls together. While up to 32 mobile users could join the calls, the number was previously limited to eight for users on the desktop apps. It has now been made uniform across all devices and up to 32 participants can be part of a video, call irrespective of which platform a user is joining from. Google Could Make It Easier for You to Talk to Gemini, Report Suggests A new ‘speaker spotlight' feature will also be introduced, highlighting the current speaker on a video call. In theory, it could prove to be useful when attending video calls in large groups, enabling users to easily identify the speaker without requiring them to go through the participant list. WhatsApp says the new batch of features will be rolled out to users across mobile and desktop platforms in the coming weeks. WhatsApp's new codec for audio calls In addition to the video calling features, Meta Platforms also introduced a new tool which aims to improve the call quality. The feature – known as Meta Low Bitrate (MLow) codec – helps compress the audio/video captured for efficient transfer over the internet, according to Meta. You Can Now Look Up Unknown Callers Using Your Google Pixel Phone


You Might Soon See This AI Feature in YouTube Shorts on Mobile Although compression often comes at a cost of quality, Meta says the MLow codec is an upgrade over the previous open source Opus codec and can improve the audio quality, especially on slow-speed connections. This codec was already available on other Meta platforms such as Instagram and Messenger, and is now being rolled out to WhatsApp. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Delays Release of AI-Powered Recall, Will First Be Tested With Windows Insiders" ,  Microsoft is delaying the release of its Recall feature, and it will not be available when the first Copilot+ PCs hit the market on June 18. The tech giant introduced Recall, an artificial intelligence (AI) feature that tracks and shows the user history on the device using periodically captured snapshots, at last month's Microsoft Surface and AI event. However, the feature faced criticism from online communities due to security vulnerabilities and lack of an opt-in system. Last week, the company announced several improvements to address the issues. AI-Powered Recall gets delayed Adding an update to last week's blog post about the improvements added to Recall, Microsoft said that instead of shipping the feature directly to all users with a Copilot+ PC, it will now first be previewed in the Windows Insider Program (WIP) in the coming weeks. After the public beta testing and incorporating the feedback, the feature will be released to all Copilot+ PCs in preview mode. “We are adjusting the release model for Recall to leverage the expertise of the Windows Insider community to ensure the experience meets our high standards for quality and security. This decision is rooted in our commitment to providing a trusted, secure and robust experience for all customers and to seek additional feedback prior to making the feature available to all Copilot+ PC users,” Microsoft added. Notably, the Windows maker addressed the criticism of the feature and made several changes to how the feature works. The AI-powered Recall was made entirely opt-in, with a screen explicitly requiring the user's consent before it gets activated. The feature was also integrated with the Windows Hello security feature, which requires either biometric authentication or a separate PIN code. Additionally, the tech giant said the device will require a “proof of presence” to view the timeline and search in Recall. Microsoft Will Remove This Feature for Copilot Pro Subscribers by July 14


Acer ALG Gaming Laptop With Nvidia GeForce RTX 3050 GPU Launched in India


Microsoft Announces 3 New Xbox Series S/X Console Variants, Coming Holiday 2024 Further, a second layer of encryption to the feature's search index database is also being added to protect it from bad actors. However, it now appears that Microsoft wants to take more time to test the feature within the WIP community, before releasing it globally. According to a report by The Verge, the Recall feature was developed in secrecy and it was not tested publicly before the announcement was made at the Surface event. The company is likely rectifying its mistakes with this move. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Honor Magic V Flip With 4-Inch Cover Screen, Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 SoC Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  Honor Magic V Flip has been launched in China as the first clamshell foldable smartphone by Honor. As expected, following multiple leaks and rumours, the foldable comes with a large 4-inch external display, almost the largest in the flip phone segment. It features a 6.8-inch internal scene and is equipped with Qualcomm's slightly older Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 chipset. The Honor Magic V Flip lens has a cutout on the left side of the main screen for the camera. It houses a 4,800mAh battery with 66W charging support. Honor Magic V Flip price The Honor Magic V Flip is priced at CNY 4,999 (roughly Rs. 57,000) for the 12GB of RAM + 256GB of storage version. The 12GB + 512GB model is priced at CNY 5,499 (roughly Rs. 64,000), while the 12GB + 1TB variant costs you 5,999 (roughly Rs. 70,000). It is offered in Camellia White, Champagne Pink and Iris Black shades. Honor is also selling a premium version Magic V Flip Haute Couture Edition priced at CNY 6,999 (roughly Rs. 80,000) for the 16GB+1TB variant with customisation options. It comes bundled with mini bags customised gift boxes and Zhou Yangjie's gold-stamped signature HTech Partners With nStore to Offer Honor Products via the ONDC Network All models are currently up for pre-orders in China and will go on sale starting June 21. The brand has not yet announced the availability of the new device outside China. Honor Magic V Flip specifications The dual-SIM (Nano) Honor Magic V Flip runs on MagicOS 8.0 based on Android 14. It features a 6.8-inch primary full-HD+ (1,080x2,520 pixels) LTPO OLED internal display with a 21:9 aspect ratio, 120Hz adaptive refresh rate, and 3,000 nits peak brightness. The Dolby Vision-certified display offers 3840Hz ultra-high frequency PWM dimming. The 4-inch LTPO OLED (1,200x1,092 pixels) cover screen is the standout feature of the new device and it supports over 40 applications. The external screen has a camera design in the lower left corner. The Honor Magic V Flip is powered by the octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 SoC paired with 16GB of RAM — the same chipset powers Samsung's 2022 model Galaxy Z Flip 4. Honor 200, Honor 200 Pro Launched Globally Alongside Honor 200 Lite For optics, the new device has a dual rear camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel main camera with f/1.9 aperture and support for Optical Image Stabilisation (OIS), a 12-megapixel ultra-wide-angle macro camera with f/2.2 aperture and autofocus. There is a 50-megapixel Sony IMX816 selfie camera for selfies and video chats. Honor Magic V Flip is available in 256GB, 512GB and 1TB storage variants. Connectivity options include 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.3, GPS/ A-GPS, NFC, OTG and a USB Type-C port. It is equipped with dual speakers and three microphones. Sensors on board include an accelerometer, compass, gyro sensor, gravity sensor and proximity light sensor. The phone also includes a side-mounted fingerprint sensor for authentication. Honor has provided a 4,800mAh battery on the Honor Magic V Flip that supports 66W fast charging. The battery is also said to be able to charge from zero to 100 percent in just 42 minutes. The phone measures 167.3x75.6x7.15 mm when unfolded and 86.5x75.6mmx14.89mm when unfolded. It weighs 193 grams. 




title = "Sony Rolls Out Ability for PS5 Players to Join Discord Voice Chats Directly From Console" ,  Sony is bringing the ability to join Discord voice chat directly from the PS5 console. The PlayStation parent had rolled out Discord integration with PS5 in an update last year, but PS5 players had to use the messaging app on PC or mobile to initiate the connection. Now, players can jump into a Discord voice chat natively on their PS5. Sony had first revealed plans to integrate Discord in PlayStation consoles in 2021. In a PlayStation Blog post, Sony announced that it was rolling out the ability for PS5 players to join Discord voice chat directly from their PS5. The feature will be made available to users gradually over the coming weeks. How to join Discord voice chat on PS5 To join a Discord voice chat directly on PS5, head to Game Base inside the Control Center on the console, select the Discord tab, and pick the Discord server or DM group you want to join. Then, choose your preferred voice channel, which will show you more information about the people already chatting there. According to Sony, PS5 users will also receive a PS5 console notification when another Discord user calls them, thus allowing users to join the call right away. Discord voice chats will roll out over the coming weeks, starting with Japan/Asia, and then in Europe, Australia/New Zealand, the Middle East, and the Americas. To get the feature, PS5 must be updated with latest system software, and PlayStation Network (PSN) and Discord accounts must be linked. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  PS5 profile sharing feature Sony also announced a new profile sharing feature that will allow players to share their PlayStation Network profile on any messaging or social app. This can be done via both the PS5 console and the PlayStation app. Players can select the “Share Profile” option to generate a shareable link or QR code for their PSN profile. When the recipient opens the link or scans the code, they can add the profile owner as a PSN friend. The Share Profile feature will begin rolling out next week.  PSN profile can be shared from console and PlayStation appPhoto Credit: Sony Sony had first added Discord integration to PS5 in an update in March last year. The feature only allowed players to answer Discord calls from their PS5 after transferring the call from their PC or phone app over to the console.  Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Watch FE With 1.2-Inch Super AMOLED Screen, IP68 Rating Launched" ,  Samsung Galaxy Watch FE was unveiled globally on Thursday. It is the first 'Fan Edition' (FE) version of a smartwatch by the South Korean tech giant. The smart wearable is equipped with a 1.2-inch Super AMOLED screen, a dual-core Exynos W920 chipset and an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance. It is equipped with several health and activity sensors to monitor heart rate, EGC, and blood pressure. Users can also use this smartwatch to operate their smartphone cameras and access their digital wallets as well. The company confirmed that the Samsung Galaxy Watch FE will be available for purchase globally this summer but did not specify a date. It also noted that the availability of various features of the smartwatch will vary by region. The aluminium body of the watch is offered in three colour options — Black, Pink Gold and Silver. It is offered in a single 40mm size option and comes with interchangeable one-click bands. Samsung Galaxy Watch FE specifications, features The Samsung Galaxy Watch FE sports a 1.2-inch Super AMOLED screen with 396 x 396 pixels resolution, Sapphire Crystal glass and the Always On Display feature. It is powered by a dual-core Exynos W920 chipset and ships with Wear OS-backed One UI 5 Watch. The watch supports 1.5GB of RAM and 16GB of onboard storage. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro Design Leaked via In-App Screenshot The Fan Edition version of the Galaxy smartwatch is equipped with several health and wellness trackers including the heart rate sensor. The HR Alert feature helps detect abnormally high or low heart rates, while the Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification (IHRN) feature allows it to measure atrial fibrillation which could be indicative of a heart disorder. The watch can also measure blood pressure and track the user's sleep cycle. It also comes with more than 100 preset workout modes, according to the South Korean tech conglomerate. Additional features of the Samsung Galaxy Watch FE include support for Samsung Wallet which allows users access to digital wallets and saved documents like identification cards. It also allows users to control the paired smartphone's camera through the Camera Controller. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Listed on Geekbench With Exynos 2400 SoC The Samsung Galaxy Watch FE is backed by a 247mAh battery with support for WPC-based wireless charging. Connectivity options of the watch include LTE, Bluetooth 5.3, Wi-Fi, GPS, Glonass, Beidou, Galileo and NFC. It comes with a MIL-STD-810H-rated build and has a 5ATM water resistance rating as well as an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance. The watch measures 39.3 x 40.4 x 9.8mm in size and weighs 26.6g. Samsung Galaxy Watch FE price, availability (Expected) The price of the Samsung Galaxy Watch FE was previously leaked via an accidental online listing. The Bluetooth version of the 40mm smartwatch was listed at EUR 199 (roughly Rs. 16,600). Samsung Hires Ex-Apple Executive to Run Its New AI Division According to a report by The Verge, the Bluetooth-only version of the Samsung Galaxy Watch FE will be available for purchase at $199.99 (roughly Rs. 16,700) starting June 24. The LTE version of the watch is priced at $249.99 (roughly Rs. 20,900) and will go on sale later this year, the report added.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite Design Spotted in Leaked Live Image; Geekbench Listing Hints at Snapdragon 695 SoC" ,  OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite — the company's purported successor to the current Nord CE 3 Lite model — just showed up in a live image on X (formerly Twitter). The photo of the handset reveals a revamped design compared to past and recent Nord CE-series models. Also revealed in another leak are the phone's Geekbench scores that hint at the processor and RAM configuration of the unit which was being tested. As more information related to the handset continues to surface, we can speculate that the launch of this smartphone will also take place soon. The OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite is expected to arrive as the successor to the Nord CE 3 Lite which is currently on sale in India at Rs. 17,999, in the budget segment. OnePlus recently launched its Nord CE 4 (Review) which is essentially a mid-range device in India, with pricing starting at Rs. 24,999. The leaked photograph of the upcoming Nord CE 4 Lite reveals a design that doesn't appear similar to either of these smartphones. However, @gadget_bits on X claims that this is indeed the photo of the upcoming OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite. Leaked visual of OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite, that'll be launching early next month#OnePlusNordCE4Lite #OnePlusNord #OnePlus pic.twitter.com/X2BMvpZkxo— Gadget Bits (@gadget_bits) June 12, 2024 The photograph shows a more boxy design with defined edges, and a slightly raised camera module which appears similar to the recently launched, OnePlus Ace 3V and the Oppo K12x. The phone has flat sides and appears to have a dual camera setup with one 50-megapixel camera as clearly mentioned in the inscription in the module. This is indeed a departure from the 108-megapixel sensor on the Nord CE 3 Lite which was also accompanied by two additional cameras. At the moment the function of the second camera remains unclear. Accompanying the two cameras at the back are two LED flash modules. Also revealed at the bottom is the model number which reads as CPH2621 which confirms that this is the Nord CE 4 Lite, as the model number matches the one found in a previous report where it was mentioned on Singapore's IMDA certification website. OnePlus Nord CE 4 Review TheTechOutlook reports that the performance benchmark scores of the same model have also landed on Geekbench. The listing reveals that the phone scored 896 and 2,002 points in the benchmark's single-core and multi-core tests respectively, which seems fine given that it's going to be a budget device. In our independent testing of the OnePlus Nord CE 4 we managed scores of 1,154 and 3,000 in both tests, which were considerably higher. Going by the details in the Geekbench listing, it seems that processor powering this device is the Qualcomm Snapdragon 695, an octa core chipset that was launched in 2021. The OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite is listed with 8GB of RAM, and this could be one of the RAM and storage configurations of the handset. Just like the Oppo K12 which was in reality a re-branded Nord CE 4, the OnePlus Nord CE 4 Lite is suspected to be a re-branded Oppo K12x which was announced in May this year. The Oppo K12x packs a Qualcomm Snapdragon 695 SoC, has a 6.67-inch full-HD+ OLED display and also looks similar to the design shown in the leak. The device has a 50-megapixel primary camera accompanied by a 2-megapixel depth camera for Portrait mode photos. It is powered by a 5,500mAh battery and supports 80W wired charging. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Binance Trains Macau Police in Web3-Related Offenses Amid Rising Cases" ,  Binance, one of the largest crypto exchanges in the world, recently sent over a team of officials to meet with law enforcement officers in Macau. The aim of this meeting was to train officers in understanding loopholes in Web3 technologies that could help them catch criminals. With the expansion of the crypto sector into the $2.47 trillion (roughly Rs. 2,06,31,292 crore) industry that it presently is, the number and types of crypto crimes have logged growth around the world. Because the sector is considerably young, law enforcement agencies around the world have experienced issues in Web3-related investigations. The exchange posted official details about this training session on Thursday, May 13. The Macao Judiciary Police had invited Binance to train officers part of the Criminal Investigation Department and gaming-related Economic Crimes Investigation Department, said the statement from Binance. A total of 40 officers attended the training course, which led by Carlos Mak, a specialist from Binance's in-house investigation team. Most Fortune 500 Firms Testing Web3, Blockchain Technology: Coinbase “This approach sharpens our team's skills and acquaints them with techniques to counter virtual asset-related crimes. We appreciate Binance's willingness to voluntarily share their invaluable insights on blockchain and virtual-asset investigations, and we look forward to further cooperation in the future,” the post quoted the Macau Judiciary Police spokesperson as commenting on the development. Macau is among those locations in Asia, where Web3 and gambling sectors are neither unknown nor unpopular. Earlier in May this year, authorities in Macau had reportedly clocked 351 gambling-related crimes between January and March this year, marking a 122 percent increase in cases, totalling to 193 cases. Back in 2023, gaming-related crime rate in the region also reportedly spiked by 110 percent compared to 2022. Brazil’s Largest Bank Opens Crypto Trading for Its Over 60 Million Users In the backdrop of these rising cases, Macau law enforcement officers deemed it necessary to acquire proper training in handling such cases. As far as Binance is concerned, it claims to have conducted over 120 online and offline training sessions with law enforcement officers last year on a global level. “Deepening cooperation with the global law enforcement community underlies Binance's unrelenting commitment to protecting users and building a secure online financial environment,” Mak was quoted as commenting on the development. Last month, Binance's rival crypto exchange Coinbase also launched an educational and awareness initiative named ‘Tech Against Scam' to inform the tech community about ways to safeguard themselves against fraud and online deceit. Other crypto-related firms like Chainalysis and the Certified Cryptocurrency Investigator are also curating similar training courses to assist law enforcement agents in identifying and probing Web3-related crimes around blockchain, cryptocurrency, metaverse, and NFTs.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Snapdeal Partners Bhashini to Deliver AI-Powered Indian Vernacular Language Capabilities" ,  Snapdeal, the popular e-commerce platform, signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Bhashini on Tuesday. With this partnership, Snapdeal aims to boost digital inclusion in the e-commerce space in India. The collaboration will leverage artificial intelligence (AI) to develop solutions and services to cater to nine different vernacular languages of the country. The online shopping platform has stated that it will build AI-powered language translation solutions as well as AI-based voice-first technologies. A particular focus will be on the Tier-3 cities and beyond. Snapdeal, Bhashini Sign MoU to Develop AI-Powered Services In a press release, Snapdeal highlighted that the MoU was signed to develop services and products to improve language translation efforts which will eventually promote digital inclusion in India. The company did not specify any particular tools or services it will be building. It is currently unknown whether these technologies will be open sourced to help the entire e-commerce ecosystem or will be used for the Snapdeal platform. The MOU was signed between Bharat Venishetti, Group Head of Strategic Finance, Snapdeal and Amitabh Nag, CEO of Bhashini. Wakefit Brings Temperature-Control Mattress, Contactless Sleep Tracker Bhashini, an Independent Business Division established by the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) within Digital India Corporation (DIC), stated in a LinkedIn post that the partnership would make digital and e-commerce services “accessible to all”. "This collaboration focuses on Snapdeal's commitment to advancing digital inclusivity in India. We look forward to combining Bhashini's deep expertise in language solutions with Snapdeal's robust e-commerce platform to empower individuals across diverse linguistic backgrounds. This initiative aligns seamlessly with our mission to enhance accessibility and affordability in online shopping, particularly in Tier 3 cities and beyond,” said Himanshu Chakrawarti, CEO at Snapdeal. It is believed that the AI integration with Bhashini will allow Snapdeal to show its product catalogue, product descriptions, and other areas of the platform in different vernacular languages without updating them manually. The e-commerce platform could also introduce voice-based search features. Google Could Make It Easier for You to Talk to Gemini, Report Suggests


Samsung Hires Ex-Apple Executive to Run Its New AI Division "We are committed to leveraging technology for the greater good and enabling inclusive digital experiences for all. Through innovative use of Al and technology, we are determined to break down barriers, build greater digital participation, and create a more connected and inclusive digital ecosystem for all Indians,” said Nag. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Galaxy Buds 3, Buds 3 Pro Leaked via Members App; Suggests AirPods Pro-Like Design" ,  Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro, along with the standard variant, may have been accidentally leaked by the company via its Members app, as per to a social media post. In the last few weeks, several leaks have surfaced regarding the upcoming TWS earbuds from Samsung, suggesting that although they might be iterative upgrades, Samsung might finally adopt an AirPods Pro-like design with stems. With the launch reportedly almost upon us, a leaked in-app screenshot corroborates previous speculations about the design language of the Galaxy Buds 3 and 3 Pro. Galaxy Buds 3, Buds 3 Pro design (leaked) In a post on X (formerly Twitter), user Rydah (@RydahDoesTech) shared an in-app screenshot of the Samsung Members app – the app that lets Samsung users diagnose problems with their devices, check for fixes, get tips, and talk to community experts. The screenshot is said to show a menu through which users can select the device they're encountering problems with. Samsung leaking their own products is priceless. Here's the Galaxy Buds3 and Buds3 Pro 👋🏽 pic.twitter.com/2mJP3ZFOa9— Rydah (@RydahDoesTech) June 12, 2024 The list appears to include not just existing Samsung devices, but rumoured TWS such as the Galaxy Buds 3 and Buds 3 Pro. While the icon used for the Buds 2 Pro has the same stem-less design as the actual product, the Galaxy Buds 3 and Buds 3 Pro appear to have an AirPods Pro-like design with stems. This leak corroborates a previous claim by seasoned tipster Evan Blass who suggested that both the Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 variants might incorporate stems – a design element which Samsung has omitted from its flagship TWS earbuds till now. Apart from the Galaxy Buds 3's design, the screenshot also hints at two more upcoming products from the South Korean company – the Galaxy Ring, which it showcased at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2024, and the Galaxy Watch FE. AirPods Pro 2 Get New Siri Interactions, Voice Isolation Features


Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro May Sport a Design Similar to AirPods Pro


Samsung Galaxy Buds 3, Buds 3 Pro Specifications Leak Ahead of Launch Furthermore, it does not appear to have a separate listing of the rumoured Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra, although it does list the Galaxy Watch 7. This could potentially mean the rumoured Apple Watch Ultra 2 competitor could be part of the Galaxy Watch 7 lineup, instead of being a standalone offering from Samsung. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy F15 5G Airtel Edition Reportedly Listed Online; Price, Specifications Leak" ,  Samsung Galaxy F15 5G with MediaTek Dimensity 6100+ SoC was launched in India in March. Now the South Korean smartphone brand seems to be gearing up to unveil a Samsung Galaxy F15 5G Airtel Edition in the country in association with Airtel. Ahead of the official announcement, the handset was reportedly listed online by Flipkart suggesting its price and specifications. This special edition smartphone is said to be paired with an Airtel SIM card and comes with a 50GB data coupon. Samsung Galaxy F15 5G Airtel Edition price in India (leaked) As per a Flipkart listing, spotted by MySmartPrice, the Samsung Galaxy F15 5G Airtel Edition will be priced at Rs. 11,999. Airtel customers get an additional 7 percent discount while purchasing the new phone. They can also avail 50GB of free data from Airtel through the Airtel Thanks app for a minimum recharge of Rs. 199. The standard Galaxy F15 5G variant is priced at Rs. 12,999 for the 4GB + 128GB storage variant. The 6GB + 128GB and 8GB + 128GB versions are priced at Rs. 14,499 and Rs. 15,999, respectively. It is available for purchase in Ash Black, Groovy Violet, and Jazzy Green colours. Samsung Hires Ex-Apple Executive to Run Its New AI Division Samsung Galaxy F15 5G Airtel Edition specifications Samsung Galaxy F15 Airtel Edition is a locked phone and customers can only use included Airtel SIM for 18 months from the date of activation. It includes Knox Guard for improved security. Specifications of the special edition is similar to the standard model. It runs on Android 14-based One UI 5.0 and features a 6.5-inch full-HD+ (1,080 x 2,340 pixels) Super AMOLED display with a 90Hz refresh rate. It runs on an octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 6100+ SoC paired with up to 8GB of RAM and 128GB of onboard storage. Samsung Galaxy F15 5G Gets new 8GB RAM Variant in India: Price, Offers For optics, the Galaxy F15 5G has a triple rear camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor, a 5-megapixel secondary sensor, and a 2-megapixel shooter. For selfies and video chats, it has a 13-megapixel sensor. It is backed by a 6,000mAh battery with support for 25W wired fast charging.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Snapdragon Summit 2024 Dates Confirmed; Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 Chipset Expected" ,  Snapdragon Summit 2024 dates were confirmed by Qualcomm on Thursday. The event will be a three-day affair between October 21-23 in Maui, Hawaii. It is also confirmed that the company will introduce the next generation of its flagship-grade mobile processor dubbed Snapdragon 8 Gen 4. The event could also be focused towards artificial intelligence (AI), given its recent development in the smartphone ecosystem. The chip maker has also launched chipsets with neural processing units (NPUs) capable of handling AI processing for both smartphones and PCs. Snapdragon Summit 2024 dates revealed In a recently created microsite, Qualcomm has added a short video clip that shows the dates and place for the Snapdragon Summit 2024. The page is otherwise empty and shares no additional details about the event, product launches, potential sessions, or any smartphone brands that will make an appearance. Since there is still a long way till October, it is believed that the company will add the details in the coming days. Snapdragon Summit could introduce Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset One of the key highlights of the event is going to be the introduction of the Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset. Qualcomm's Chief Marketing Officer Don McGuire earlier confirmed the name of the upcoming mobile processor and that it will be announced during the event. iQoo 13 Said to Get Periscope Telephoto Camera; More Key Features Tipped McGuire also revealed that the SoC will feature a custom Oryon CPU, which was first announced at the Snapdragon Summit 2022. Further, the CMO also highlighted that the CPU will be paired with an updated NPU for AI capabilities. A previous report has also claimed that the Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC could feature LPDDR6 RAM (Low Power Double Data Rate 6 Random Access Memory), which will be the next iteration of RAM technology. Further, it is also said that the upcoming mobile processor will be based on TSMC's 3nm fabrication process and feature Qualcomm's FastConnect 7900 connectivity system. Infinix Zero 40 5G, Zero 40 4G Key Specifications Leak: See Design


Realme GT 6 Camera Gets Detailed Ahead of Debut Next Week Reportedly, the Xiaomi 15 and the Xiaomi 15 Pro could become the first smartphones to be equipped with the Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset. The OnePlus 13, iQoo 13, and the Samsung Galaxy S25 series are also said to be powered by the same mobile processor. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Honor 200, Honor 200 Pro Launched Globally Alongside Honor 200 Lite: Price, Availability" ,  Honor 200 series was launched globally on Wednesday. The Honor 200 and the Honor 200 Pro were unveiled in China in May this year. In select global markets, the lineup also includes an Honor 200 Lite. The Honor 200 phones are equipped with 50-megapixel front camera sensors. The base and Pro versions come with 50-megapixel telephoto shooters, while the Lite variant gets a 108-megapixel triple rear camera unit. The phones ship with Android 14-based MagicOS 8.0. Honor 200, Honor 200 Pro, Honor 200 Lite price, availability The base Honor 200 starts in the UK at GBP 499.99 (roughly Rs. 53,500) for the 8GB + 128GB option, while the Honor 200 Pro is listed at GBP 699.99 (roughly Rs. 74,800) for the 12GB + 512GB variant. They are currently available for purchase via the Honor UK site with preorders open till June 21 via major retailers. General sales for the Honor 200 and Honor 200 Pro handsets will start on June 26. They will also be available via Three starting June 28 and on other key UK telecom operators eventually. Honor 200 5G Series Teased to Launch in India Soon Meanwhile, the Honor 200 Lite is priced at GBP 279.99 (roughly Rs. 29,900) for the sole 8GB + 256GB options. This is currently available for purchase in the UK and select European markets via the official Honor website and major retailers. The base Honor 200 is offered in Black, Emerald Green, and Moonlight White shades, while the Pro version comes in Black, Moonlight White, and Ocean Cyan colourways. The Honor 200 Lite is available in Cyan Lake, Midnight Black, and Starry Blue colour options. Honor 200, Honor 200 Pro specifications, features The Honor 200 and the Pro variant come with 6.7-inch and 6.78-inch 120Hz full-HD+ OLED curved displays, respectively. The base model is powered by a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC, while the Pro version gets a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset. Both handsets ship with Android 14-based MagicOS 8.0. Honor 200 Series With 50-Megapixel Front Cameras Launched: See Price For optics, both Honor 200 and 200 Pro carry 50-megapixel primary sensors alongside 12-megapixel sensors with ultra-wide angle lenses and 50-megapixel telephoto shooters at the back. The phones get 50-megapixel selfie sensors. They are backed by 5,200mAh batteries with support for 100W wired SuperCharge. Honor 200 Lite specifications, features The Honor 200 Lite sports a 6.7-inch full-HD+ (2,412 x 1,080 pixels) AMOLED screen. It is powered by an octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 6080 SoC paired with a Mali-G57 MC2 GPU, 8GB of RAM and 256GB of inbuilt storage. Like other handsets in the lineup, the Lite version also runs Android 14-based MagicOS 8.0 out-of-the-box. In the camera department, the Honor 200 Lite is equipped with a triple rear camera that includes a 108-megapixel primary sensor, a 5-megapixel depth sensor, and a 2-megapixel macro sensor. It also features a 50-megapixel front camera. Amazon Listing Reveals Honor's Gift Bundle for Magic 6 Pro The Honor 200 Lite is backed by a 4,500mAh battery with 35W wired SuperCharge support. The dual nano SIM handset supports 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.1, OTG, and USB Type-C connectivity. For security, the phone has a side-mounted fingerprint sensor. It measures 161.05 x 74.55 x 6.78mm in size and weighs 166g.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Spotted on Geekbench With Exynos 2400 Chipset" ,  Samsung Galaxy S24 FE is expected to be unveiled later this year as a successor to last year's Galaxy S23 FE. The upcoming Fan Edition smartphone is believed to come as a toned-down version of the Galaxy S24. The global variant of the Galaxy S24 FE has now popped up on Geekbench with model number SM-S721B. The listing indicates that it will be powered by the Exynos 2400 chipset, which could be couple with 8GB RAM and Android 14 operating system. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Geekbench listing A Samsung handset has been spotted on the Geekbench website with model number SM-S721B. The listing, believed to be that of the international variant of Galaxy S24 FE variant, suggests that it may run Android 14 with 8GB of RAM. The listing dated June 13 shows the phone scoring 2,047 points in single-core testing and 6,289 points in multi-core testing. The Geekbench listing of the alleged Galaxy S24 FE suggests a 10-core chipset will power the phone alongside the s5e9945 motherboard. It shows a prime CPU core with a maximum clock speed of 3.11GHz, two cores with a clock speed of 2.90GHz, three cores capped at 2.59GHz, and four cores capped at 1.96GHz. These CPU speeds appear to be associated with Samsung's in-house Exynos 2400 SoC, but the clock speed of the prime core is slightly lower than the actual speed of 3.2GHz. Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra US Variant Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website Samsung is expected to follow a dual-chip strategy for the Galaxy S24 FE. It is likely to get a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset in select markets including the US. The version with Exynos 2400 chipset could be intended for the European and Indian markets. As per past leaks, the handset will be unveiled at the end of 2024 or early next year as a budget-friendly alternative to the flagship Galaxy S24. Samsung Confirms Galaxy AI Will Come to Next Foldable Phones The Galaxy S24 FE is anticipated to feature a 6.1-inch AMOLED display and a 50-megapixel 1/1.57-inch ISOCELL GN3 sensor. It could pack 12GB LPDDR5X RAM and is likely to be offered in 128GB and 256GB UFS 3.1 storage options. The handset could get a 4,500mAh battery.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Most Fortune 500 Firms Testing Web3, Blockchain Technology, Suggests Coinbase Report" ,  The crypto sector, which is currently valued at around $2.46 trillion, is beginning to garner interest from profitable institutional investors. In its latest report titled ‘The State of Crypto', Coinbase states that 56 percent of the Fortune 500 companies are in some way or the other, testing the blockchain technology. Making for the underlaying technology for cryptocurrencies, NFTs, and the metaverse – the blockchain technology is also called the distributed ledger technology that saves data and facilitates tech procedures through small separate nodes, replacing traditional servers. Coinbase highlights key factors attracting big firms to Web3 The research has been conducted for Coinbase by The Block, which surveyed executives working at Fortune 500 companies. The findings of this report suggests that on-chain projects, including consumer-facing payments applications, have started to garner attention of these large companies. UK NHS Chief Warns of Rise in Crypto Trading Addiction in the UK “Many of the most trusted names and products in finance are embracing blockchain technology and crypto, driving innovation and providing on-ramps for widespread adoption,” the report said. This year, the US SEC approved ETFs for Bitcoin and Ether in a historic move. This allows interested investors to engage with crypto assets through traditional stock market platforms rather than having to sign up on crypto exchanges. As per the report, the approval of these ETFs have eased the access to cryptocurrencies, spurring adoption. Institutional investors are also looking at real-world asset tokenisation – which is a process of creating digital units of a physical or virtual property where each of the tokens amount for some percentage of the entity. As per the report, “beyond ETFs – on-chain government securities are driving new interest in real-world asset tokenisation. Recent high interest rates have boosted demand for safe, high-yielding treasury bills on-chain.” The rise in the value of tokenised treasury bills have come to the valuation of $1.29 billion (roughly Rs. 10,776 crore). Mudrex Announces Rewards for Crypto Holders via New ‘Earn’ Initiative Catalysts in favour of merging big firms with Web3 A number of online payment apps in the US are integrating crypto transfer services to their existing offerings. These platforms include PayPal and Stripe among others. These platforms allow the use of fiat currencies, as well as stablecoins and select cryptocurrencies to facilitate instant payments, including cross-border. “PayPal is supporting cross-border transfers of stablecoin users across about 160 countries – with no transaction fees, versus 4.45 percent to 6.39 percent in average charges in the $860 billion global remittance market. The annual settlement volume of stablecoins hit $10 trillion in 2023, more than 10x the amount of remittances worldwide,” the report noted. With online payment companies also taking a positive approach towards crypto and blockchain, big firms are not hesitating from experimenting with crypto-based financial settlements. Future of Web3 in legal, corporate sectors With more funding being poured into Web3 on an institutional level, the report said, this could become a big factor that would push global financial regulators to bring in clear laws to oversee the digital assets sector. “The US needs to exert leadership in this space. F500 executives show significant interest here: 79 percent would want to work on initiatives with a partner in the US. The increased activity increases the urgency for clear rules for crypto that help keep crypto developers and other talent in the US, fulfill its promise of better access, and enable U1 leadership on crypto globally,” the report noted. The report estimates that small businesses are also considering hopping on the Web3 wagon. Seven out of ten small businesses that were surveyed for this research claimed that cryptocurrencies can help “at least one of their financial pain points, the biggest of which are transaction fees and processing times.” Drawbacks with Crypto While the blockchain technology has intrigued several nations, cryptocurrencies have been met with sceptical approach. This is mainly because while blockchain offers improved data security and transactional transparency, cryptocurrencies are volatile in nature and subject to misuse for unlawful facilities. In March 2024, the FBI claimed that crypto investment scams rose by 53 percent in the last year. To curb instances of the misuse of these advanced technologies, players from the Web3 industry like Meta, Ripple, and Kraken, and Coinbase have launched awareness initiatives.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Wakefit Zense With Temperature-Control Mattress Regul8, AI Sleep Tracker Track8 Unveiled" ,  Wakefit unveiled its AI-powered sleep solution suite dubbed Wakefit Zense on Wednesday. The Zense range features Regul8, a temperature-adjustable mattress, and Track8, an artificial intelligence (AI) contactless sleep-tracking device. With these, the company said it aims to integrate technology into the sleep environment to help users optimise sleep quality and improve sleep health. Both devices come with dual-zone sensors to create a custom sleep environment on each side of the bed. The Wakefit Zense range of sleep solutions is currently available for pre-booking. Wakefit Zense Regul8, Track8 price and availability Regul8, under the Wakefit Zense range, can be purchased at the price of Rs. 44,999. The mattress is available in Queen (78x60 inch) and King (78x72 inch) sizes. Track8, the sleep tracking sheet, is priced at Rs. 10,499. Both devices can currently be pre-booked on the official website for Rs. 499 each, or Rs. 899 combined. Wakefit Zense Regul8 features According to the company, the Regul8 mattress features a water-based system to control the temperature of the mattress surface. The mattress' temperature can be set between 15-degree and 40-degree Celsius using the companion app. Regul8 has a dual-zone temperature controller, which allows the user to set different temperatures for each side of the bed. Google Could Make It Easier for You to Talk to Gemini, Report Suggests Regul8 also comes with integrated temperature sensors that can monitor the temperature of the mattress surface and make real-time adjustments to keep it consistent throughout the night. It also features five different presets — Neutral, Cold, Warm, Ice, and Fire — to easily set the desired temperature. Wakefit claims that the Regul8 mattress consumes 60 percent less energy than a 1.5-ton AC. Wakefit Zense Tack8 features Track8 is a sleep solution under the Wakefit Zense range, which can track users' sleeping patterns and other metrics without any contact. The device, which is a thin rectangular sheet of fabric with two sheet sensors, is placed under the mattress. It has dual-zone sensors, one for each side of the bed, and can track two users at the same time. The device directly sends the collected data to the companion app, which then processes the information to present a detailed sleep report. Samsung Hires Ex-Apple Executive to Run Its New AI Division


Stable Diffusion 3 Medium Released With Ability to Run on Consumer Laptops The company claims the device uses AI and machine learning algorithms to capture data around sleep stages, respiratory rate, movement, sleep and wake up time, on and off bed time, and snoring. Once analysed, it also offers an aggregated sleep score. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iPhone 15 Pro’s Action Button to Support More Features with iOS 18: Report" ,  iOS 18, introduced at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on Monday, is bringing more functionality to the iPhone 15 Pro's Action button, according to a report. Apple is said to offer quick access to additional customisable actions, including Calculator, Stopwatch, Home, Remote, and more. At present, users can assign nine preset options to the button, in addition to it doing nothing. But it could soon offer more functionalities, such as toggling dark mode, controlling devices via the Home app, or bringing up Tap to Cash. New features coming to Action button According to a 9to5Mac report, Apple has introduced 14 new customisable actions for the Action button with iOS 18 Developer Beta 1. At present, iOS 17 has options to bring up Voice Memo, Camera, Focus, Silent Mode, Torch, Translate, Magnifier, Accessibility, and Shortcuts. In addition to these options, users can also set it to do nothing. iOS 18 is reportedly set to expand on these existing actions via a new 'Controls' option in the iPhone settings. The new options include: Samsung Hires Ex-Apple Executive to Run Its New AI Division Calculator Alarm Stopwatch Home Timer Wallet Dark Mode Scan Code Airplane Mode Cellular Data Personal Hotspot Remote Tap to Cash Ping My Watch The Action button was introduced by Apple in 2023 with the launch of the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max. It replaced the mute switch located above the volume controls, but isn't available on the iPhone 15 models. Control Center updates In addition to more functionalities for the Action button, Apple also revealed a major overhaul of the Control Center. While it was not showcased at WWDC, iOS 18 will allow users to access the camera features in third-party applications. The availability of this potential feature was confirmed via a new framework for developers named “LockedCameraCapture”. According to Apple, developers can use it to create an extension that allows people to launch the app's “camera experience and capture content quickly when the device is locked.” Apple Watch to Gain Automatic Sleep Tracking Support With watchOS 11


Apple Not Paying OpenAI for ChatGPT on iOS 18, macOS Sequoia: Report With iOS 18, users will also be able to swipe across pages to bring up more controls and toggles. A new controls gallery will display the full list of options that can be added to the Control Center. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iQoo 13 Key Features Tipped; Said to Get Periscope Telephoto Camera" ,  iQoo 13 is expected to launch later this year. The purported smartphone will succeed the iQoo 12, which was unveiled in China in November 2023. Although the iQoo 12 launched alongside an iQoo 12 Pro model, the iQoo 13 lineup is said to not include a Pro option. Details regarding the upcoming iQoo flagship recently started surfacing online. A tipster has now leaked some key features of the rumoured iQoo 13. It is said to offer a periscope telephoto camera and a high-resolution display. iQoo 13 specifications (expected) Tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) shared in a Weibo post that the iQoo 13 is likely to come with a 2K flat screen. He also stated that the phone will get a periscope telephoto camera with up to 3x optical zoom. It is unclear if it will be the same 64-megapixel periscope telephoto camera with 3x optical zoom found in the iQoo 12. iQoo 13 is also tipped to get a single-point ultrasonic in-display fingerprint scanner for security, which means that the sensor will not cover a large area of the screen. He added that the upcoming iQoo 13 will be equipped with a "super-large" X-axis linear motor and is likely to have an IP68-rated build. iQoo 13 Leak Suggests 2K Display, Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC, More Notably, the tipster had previously also hinted at some of these features for the handset. He added earlier, that the phone could be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC. More details about the smartphone are expected to surface over the coming few weeks. iQoo 12 specifications The base iQoo 12 sports a 6.78-inch 144Hz quad-HD LTPO AMOLED screen and is powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset. It is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 120W FlashCharge support. The handset offers an IP64 rating for dust and water resistance. iQoo Neo 9S Pro With MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ SoC Launched: See Price


iQoo Z9x First Impressions For optics, the phone features a triple rear camera unit that includes a 50-megapixel primary rear sensor, a 50-megapixel sensor with an ultra-wide-angle lens, and a 64-megapixel periscope telephoto shooter. The handset also carries a 16-megapixel front camera sensor.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel 8 Price in India Dropped on Flipkart; Pricing Now Starts at Rs. 61,999" ,  Google Pixel 8 was launched in October last year alongside the Pixel 8 Pro. Less than a year after its debut, the price of the flagship smartphone has been slashed in India. The e-commerce website is providing additional discounts for purchases made through select bank cards and EMI transactions. The Pixel 8 runs on Google's Tensor G3 processor and packs up to 256GB of storage. It has a 6.7-inch OLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate and is backed by a 5,050mAh battery. Google Pixel 8 discounted price, offers Launched in India with a starting price tag of Rs. 75,999 for the 8GB RAM + 128GB storage model, the Pixel 8 is now priced at Rs. 61,999, a Rs. 14,000 price cut from the original price. The 256GB storage model is listed for Rs. 71,999, instead of the launch price of Rs. Rs. 82,999.  Pixel 8 on FlipkartPhoto Credit: Flipkart  Additionally, Flipkart is offering hefty trade-in discounts of up to Rs. 60,500 on the Pixel 8. A cashback offer worth up to Rs. 8,000 can also be availed by customers purchasing the handset using ICICI bank cards and EMI transactions, effectively brining the starting price to Rs. 53,999. You Can Now Look Up Unknown Callers Using Your Google Pixel Phone There's also a 5 percent cashback on Flipkart Axis bank card payments. Buyers can also avail of 12 months of Spotify Premium for just Rs. 699. No-cost EMI options start at 3,445 per month. Google Pixel 8 specifications Google's Pixel 8 smartphone runs on Android 14 and sports a 6.2-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,400 pixels) OLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate. It has a Google's Tensor G3 chipset under the hood, alongside Titan M2 security chip and 12GB of RAM. Google Pixel 9, Pixel Fold 2 Alleged Case Renders Hint at Design The Pixel 8 has a dual rear camera unit, comprising a 50-megapixel Samsung GN2 sensor and a 12-megapixel ultra wide-angle camera. On the front, it has a 10.5-megapixel front camera. It is equipped with a 4,575mAh battery with support for 27W wired charging. 




title = "Reliance's Jio Platforms Clears Hurdle in Bid to Launch Satellite Internet in India" ,  A joint venture between Reliance Industries' Jio Platforms and Luxembourg-based SES to provide gigabit fibre internet has won approval from the Indian space regulator to operate satellites there, a government executive said. The three approvals issued to Orbit Connect India - which aims to provide satellite-based high-speed internet access - come as companies from Amazon.com to Elon Musk's Starlink have been vying for the go-ahead to launch satellite communication services in the world's most populous nation. The authorisations have not been previously reported. They were granted in April and June from the Indian National Space Promotion and Authorisation Centre, known as IN-SPACe. These allow Orbit Connect to operate satellites above India, but further approvals are needed by the country's department of telecoms to begin operations. Jio May Soon Get Approval for Launch of Satcom Services in India: Report Reliance, which owns Jio, did not respond to an email seeking further details. Inmarsat, another company hoping to provide high-speed satellite-based internet, has also gotten approval to operate satellites over India, IN-SPACe chairman Pawan Goenka told Reuters. Two other companies, Elon Musk's Starlink and Amazon.com's Kuiper, have applied. Eutelsat's Bharti Enterprises-backed OneWeb was given all of its approvals late last year. Vi Says It's Not in Talks to Tie Up With Elon Musk's Starlink in India India's satellite broadband service market is expected to grow 36 percent per year over the next five years and reach $1.9 billion (roughly Rs. 15,875 crore) by 2030, according to the consultancy Deloitte. Globally, the race to connect rural areas of the world via space-based internet is accelerating. Amazon plans to invest $10 billion (roughly Rs. 83,553 crore) in Kuiper, which was announced in 2019, the year SpaceX began deploying its first operational Starlink satellites. Last week, Sri Lanka gave Starlink preliminary approval to provide internet services there. Goenka said the more companies were involved in the sector in India, the better off consumers would be. "Comparatively low pricing of communication services in India will compel global players to drive innovation to reduce their pricing," said Goenka, the former managing director of automaker Mahindra & Mahindra. "This is already being done in many industries like automotive, where multinational OEMs had to innovate to meet the expectations of Indian consumers of high performance and low cost." IN-SPACe will also soon authorise private companies to operate ground stations, he said, which would enable satellite operators to download data as they pass over India. Prime Minister Modi's government, which just won a rare third term, has been pushing the development of India's space industry. This year, it opened the gates for foreign direct investment in the sector, saying outside companies could invest in the manufacture of components and systems or sub-systems for satellites up to 100 percent without approval. As a result, investors' interest has "significantly increased", Goenka said. "Last year investments into private companies were $2 million-$7 million. This year they are talking $20 million-$30 million," he said. "The proof of concept has happened." © Thomson Reuters 2024  5G is now available both on Android and iPhone in India. But is it any good? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Infinix Zero 40 5G, Infinix Zero 40 4G Design, Key Specifications Leak; May Arrive With Up to 512GB of Storage" ,  Infinix Zero 40 5G and Zero 40 4G are expected to be unveiled in the coming months. The company has yet to confirm either of the handsets, but their details have surfaced online. A tipster has claimed that the 5G and 4G variants of the Infinix Zero 40 were recently spotted on certification and benchmarking sites. These listings have suggested some of the key specifications of the purported smartphones. They are expected to succeed the Infinix Zero 30 5G and the Infinix Zero 30 4G. Infinix Zero 40 5G, Infinix Zero 40 4G features (rumoured) PassionateGeekz spotted the Infinix Zero 40 5G and Infinix Zero 40 4G on the Eurasian Economic Union (EEC) website. The phones bear the model numbers X6861 and X6860 for the 5G and 4G variants, respectively. The report adds that both handsets are expected to arrive with up to 512GB of onboard storage. The Infinix Zero 40 5G is said to feature up to 12GB of RAM, while a recent Geekbench listing of the Infinix Zero 40 4G notes that the phone will have 8GB RAM and ship with Android 14. Infinix Note 40 Series Racing Edition With Up to 100W Fast Charging Debuts According to the report, the 5G variant of the Infinix Zero 40 is expected to support up to 100W wired fast charging. More details about the Infinix Zero 40 series smartphones are likely to surface in the coming weeks. The publication has also shared an image which shows the design render of the rumoured Infinix Zero 40 5G. Instead of the rectangular rear camera island like the preceding Infinix Zero 30 5G, the Zero 40 5G appears with a circular rear camera module.  Infinix Zero 50 5G design renderPhoto Credit: PassionateGeekz  Both 5G and 4G variants of the Infinix Zero 40 are expected to come with upgrades over the current Infinix Zero 30 5G and Zero 30 4G, which were unveiled in 2023. Infinix GT 20 Pro Review Infinix Zero 30 5G, Infinix Zero 30 4G specifications The Infinix Zero 30 5G launched with a MediaTek Dimensity 8020 SoC, a 5,000mAh battery with 68W fast charging support, an IP53-rated build and a 6.78-inch 144Hz full-HD+ curved AMOLED screen. For optics, it features a 108-megapixel triple rear camera unit and a 50-megapixel selfie shooter. Infinix Smart 8 HD Review Meanwhile, the Infinix Zero 30 4G sports a 6.78-inch 120Hz full-HD+ AMOLED screen and is powered by a MediaTek Helio G99 chipset. The phone shares similar camera and battery specifications as the 5G variant but supports 45W wired fast charging.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Messages Reportedly Developing a Quicker Way to Have Conversations With Gemini: Report" ,  Google Messages may reportedly introduce a quicker way for you to have conversations with Gemini – the company's artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot. While a similar functionality currently exists in the messaging app, it takes quite a few actions before you can start conversing. This development was reportedly found in a beta version of the app. With this feature, Google is reported to streamline the process via a new floating action button (FAB) that might be available in the Messages app. Gemini FAB in Google Messages Android Authority, in collaboration with tipster Assemble Debug, reported that the new FAB for Gemini was spotted in the APK teardown of the Google Messages app version messages.android_20240610_01_RC00. A floating button reportedly appears above the start chat option.  Gemini FAB in Google MessagesPhoto Credit: AssembleDebug/Android Authority To bring up the Gemini conversation window right now, users need to start a new chat and then select the 'Gemini' option. This feature is not available in India, according to Google. With the FAB in development, it may eliminate an extra step required to bring up the AI chatbot. Instead, users may be able to tap on the Gemini option and have conversations straightaway. The integration of Gemini with Google Messages was first reported in March but only started to become available in more regions last month. Regions such as India, the UK, Switzerland, and the European Economic Area (EEA) were excluded from the update. The report speculates that this feature is not available to even beta testers yet and there is no information about its rollout timeline. Notably, features spotted in APK teardowns are usually only for testing and it is possible that they do not make it to the final build of the app. Edit RCS Messages On May 30, Google announced seven new features for Android, including the ability to edit RCS (Rich Communication Services) messages. This feature is said to be available via Google Messages. Google's Pixel Watch 3 XL May Look Like This Previous-Gen Smartwatch


You Can Now Look Up Unknown Callers Using Your Google Pixel Phone


You Might Soon See This AI Feature in YouTube Shorts on Mobile Google said users can tap and hold on a sent RCS message to edit it. A new edit icon will be displayed on the top banner. Messages sent can be edited for up to 15 minutes, the company added. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Reportedly Hires Former Apple Head of Siri AI to Run Its North America AI Division" ,  Samsung has reportedly pulled off a major coup by hiring a former Apple executive to lead its newly created artificial intelligence (AI) division. As per a report, the South Korea-based tech giant internally announced the hiring of Murat Akbacak who was heading the division responsible for developing conversational and contextual AI for Siri. He will now head Samsung's North America AI Center, which is said to be created by merging two different AI centres operating in the continent. Notably, Apple also announced several AI-powered capabilities for Siri at the WWDC 2024 on Monday. Samsung reportedly hires ex-Apple executive Bloomberg's Mark Gurman cited unnamed people familiar with the matter in a report and claimed that Samsung announced hiring Murat Akbacak internally this week. At the time of writing this, Akbacak's LinkedIn profile still shows the current designation as Apple's Head of Conversational and Contextual AI at Siri. Interestingly, if the report's timeline is to be believed, the former Siri head joined the rival at around the same time Apple held the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024, where Siri's AI capabilities became a major talking point. Akbacak will reportedly lead Samsung's newly created North America AI Center. The tech giant has recently unified two different AI centres, located in Toronto and Mountain View, California as a singular North American division. As per an internal memo viewed by Bloomberg, the centralised research arm was created to improve operations and boost efficiency. Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra Tipped to Offer Competition to Face ID Reportedly, the same memo mentioned that at Apple, Akbacak was “responsible for defining and executing the strategy for Siri, Apple's personal digital assistant, focusing on personalisation, contextualisation, and advancements in conversational and multimodal AI.” The Apple executive joined the iPhone maker in January 2015 and served the company for nearly a decade. Notably, the announcement has not been made public yet. At WWDC 2024, Apple made several AI-related announcements. Siri can now understand natural language and contextual cues in user commands and execute complex tasks. The virtual assistant is also being deeply integrated with several native apps. Samsung Might Have Just Made Its Galaxy Watch Ultra Official


Samsung Confirms Galaxy AI Will Come to Next Foldable Phones The tech giant also unveiled its in-house Apple Intelligence, which is built up of an on-device AI model and a cloud-based AI model that will be powered by the company's Private Cloud Compute. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Crypto Trading Addiction Flagged as Public Health Concern by UK NHS Chief" ,  Crypto trading has become an addictive habit among the younger population of the UK, according to National Health Service (NHS) Chief Executive Amanda Pritchard, who has sounded the alarm on the rising cases of crypto trading addiction. Pritchard has called for intervention from the UK lawmakers, flagging the risks associated with cryptocurrency trading addiction. In recent months, UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's administration has taken multiple crypto-friendly steps in order to project the nation as a lucrative location for Web3 businesses. The comments on the rise in crypto trading addiction were made earlier this week, when Pritchard was speaking at the ConfedExpo of NHS managers in Manchester. The NHS chief executive said that there was a rise in the number of crypto investors who are addicted to volatile and financially unstable crypto trading activities. “As a society we need to ask: are we okay to just continue picking up the pieces while the methods employed to keep people hooked get ever-more sophisticated, and ever-more opportunities spring up for younger people to get addicted to gambling, including unregulated cryptocurrency,” Pritchard said in her speech, recalling what she was informed when she visited the national problem gambling clinic earlier this year. Brazil’s Largest Bank Opens Crypto Trading for Its Over 60 Million Users Statista estimates that 17 million people in the UK — 26 percent of the country's population — owned or used cryptocurrencies as of December 2023. In the next four years leading up to 2028, the number of crypto users is likely to cross the 22 million mark. The UK is expected to fetch $2.5 billion (roughly Rs. 20,886 crore) in revenue from the crypto market by the end of this year. The NHS chief also warned that if the rising cases of crypto-related gambling are not controlled in time, they could pose a risk to members of UK's crypto community and the financial stability of the country. The UK has been trying to protect unaware and uninformed people from volatile crypto trading. For instance, UK lawmakers have restricted crypto-related businesses from displaying promotional advertisements to lure customers on to their platforms. The UK treasury has invited public opinions around crypto-related risks and opportunities. RBI’s CBDC Saw Drop in Wholesale Circulation, Massive Rise in Retail Use The UK has also opened discussions with India on handling risks and vulnerabilities associated to crypto assets. The Times quotes Pritchard as saying that that people in the UK are investing their money in volatile assets and it falls to the NHS to "pick up the pieces". “This growing problem could create further demand for the health service. Will we tackle problems at source, or do we accept the NHS becomes an expensive safety net?” Pritchard was quoted as saying while urging the authorities to keep taking action to control these financially risky decisions by UK citizens. In 2023, a rehabilitation centre in Spain had opened a programme for people who were addicted to cryptocurrency tradnin. For up to $75,000 (roughly Rs. 61 lakh), the rehab facility said it would treat ‘addicts' of crypto trading with massages, yoga, and therapy for as long as four weeks.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "PS Plus Game Catalog Adds Monster Hunter Rise, FM 2024, Crusader Kings III and More in June" ,  Sony has revealed the slate of games joining the PlayStation Plus Game Catalog in June. Acclaimed action-RPG Monster Hunter Rise leads this month's PS Plus offerings, followed by sports sim Football Manager 2024, grand strategy RPG Crusader Kings III, action-adventure title After Us, city-building RTS Anno 1800, and more. Titles coming to Game Catalog will be available to PS Plus Extra and Deluxe/Premium tier members starting June 18. Game Catalog additions, revealed on the PlayStation Blog Wednesday, arrive after monthly free PS Plus games for June were announced earlier as part of Sony's Days of Play promotion. The free PS Plus titles for this month, available already to PS Plus subscribers across all tiers, include Streets of Rage 4, AEW Fight Forever, and SpongeBob SquarePants: The Cosmic Shake. PS Plus Game Catalog titles for June Monster Hunter Rise was first released on the Nintendo Switch in 2021 and ported to PlayStation and Xbox consoles in 2023. As with all Monster Hunter games, it lets players track and hunt down gigantic beasts with the help of a selection of weapons, tools, and traps. Loot gained from monster hunting allows players to craft better weapons and armour. Monster Hunter Rise brings new tools and new monsters to the mix and adds more verticality to the game map. The game will be available on both PS4 and PS5. PS Plus Game Catalog Brings Back Red Dead Redemption 2 on May 21  Monster Hunter Rise is available on both PS4 and PS5Photo Credit: Capcom Football Manager 2024, contrary to the FIFA series of football video games, are for football fans who wish to dive into the intricate and overwhelming world of football management. A long-running popular series, FM lets players truly take control of their club, from top to bottom. You'll be responsible for scouting, transfers, player development, youth team and more. FM 2024 also allows players to transfer their save files from previous games and continue their journey. PS Plus Monthly Games for June, Bonus Titles for Game Catalog Revealed Paradox Interactive's Crusader Kings III is also joining the Game Catalog this month. First released on PC in 2020, the grand strategy game is set in the Middle Ages. Players take control of a king and his heirs over centuries to forge a dynasty. Over the playthrough, one can engage in warfare, diplomacy and deceit. Religion plays a big part in the game, and players can take part in holy wars and crusades. Crusader Kings III will be available on PS5. The Game Catalog lineup favours fans of strategy games this month as Anno 1800 also joines PS Plus in June. The city-building real-time strategy title is set during the Industrial Revolution in the 19th century. The game focusses on trade and production of goods, and lets players plan out their city. Anno 1800 can be played solo or online through PvP and co-op modes. It will be available on PS5. Here's the full list of games arriving on PS Plus Game Catalog this month for PlayStation Plus Extra and Deluxe/ Premium members: Monster Hunter Rise (PS4, PS5) Football Manager 2024 (PS5) Crusader Kings III (PS5) Monster Energy Supercross – The Official Videogame 6 (PS4, PS5) After Us (PS5) Anno 1800 (PS5) Police Simulator: Patrol Officers (PS4, PS5) Far Cry 4 (PS Plus re-release, PS4) LEGO The Hobbit (PS4) LEGO The Incredibles (PS4) Additionally, Sony announced titles coming to PS VR2 and Classics Catalog, available to Premium/ Deluxe tier PS Plus members. These include Kayak VR: Mirage, LEGO Star Wars II: The Original Trilogy, Ghosthunter, and Daxter. All games will be playable June 18. PlayStation Plus Extra subscription starts at Rs. 749 per month in India, while the Deluxe tier subscription costs Rs. 849 per month.  Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Stable Diffusion 3 Medium With Ability to Run Efficiently on Consumer Laptops Released by Stability AI" ,  Stability AI on Wednesday released a smaller version of its Stable Diffusion 3 (SD3) artificial intelligence (AI) model. Dubbed Stable Diffusion 3 Medium, the company introduced the smaller text-to-image model as its most advanced image generation model. While retaining all the functionality of the larger generative AI model, the latest tool has lower GPU requirements and consumes less power that previous models. The open weights have also been made available on Hugging Face, and the company says that this AI model can run efficiently on consumer PCs and laptops. Stability AI Introduces Stable Diffusion 3 Medium While the Stable Diffusion 3 model (which is now being called the Stable Diffusion 3 Large) became publicly available in April, its high GPU and compute requirements made it difficult for most people with a consumer-grade PC or laptop to run efficiently. The company is solving this problem by offering Stable Diffusion 3 Medium, which can run on most laptops and PCs. According to a report by VentureBeat, the minimum requirement for the AI model is 5GB of GPU VRAM and the recommended requirement is 16GB of GPU VRAM. Notably, the Nvidia GeForce RTX 3090 features 24GB of GDDR6X VRAM. Stability AI Releases an Open-Source Sound Sample Generator Despite the smaller size of two billion parameters (as opposed to SD3 Large's eight billion parameters), Stability AI said in a newsroom post that the Stable Diffusion 3 Medium will be able to show a similar level of efficiency as its larger counterpart. The latest image generation model will deliver detailed photorealistic outputs as well as high-quality outputs in flexible styles. To improve realism in hands and faces, the AI firm is using a 16-channel VAE (Variational Autoencoder). Prompt adherence will also be at the same level as the larger model. SD3 Medium can understand complex prompts that include spatial reasoning, compositional elements, actions, and styles. Further, typography, which has been a common pitfall of image generation models, has also been improved in the latest AI model, added the company. Stable Diffusion 3 AI Image Models with These Features Are Now Available


Apple Not Paying OpenAI for ChatGPT on iOS 18, macOS Sequoia: Report Stable Diffusion 3 Medium has been made generally available via the company's Fireworks AI-powered API (App Programming Interface). The text-to-image AI model can also be accessed via the Stable Assistant platform or the Stable Artisan Discord server. Further open weights have also been made available with a non-commercial licence on Hugging Face. To use it for commercial purposes, users will have to get a creator licence from the company. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Watch to Support Automatic Sleep Tracking, Shazam Widget for Smart Stack With watchOS 11" ,  Apple's watchOS 11 update for the company's recent Apple Watch models is set to bring new features to improve the user experience, the company announced at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on Monday. A user has now spotted a feature that Apple did not showcase at WWDC, that will make its way onto the Apple Watch when the update arrives later this year. Furthermore, the Smart Stack app is also confirmed to get a dedicated Shazam widget, enabling users to quickly search for currently playing songs. New Features on Apple Watch According to a post on X (formerly Twitter) by Max Weinbach, automatic sleep tracking will be rolling out to the Apple Watch with the watchOS 11 update. At present, Apple's smartwatch does not monitor sleep until the Sleep Focus mode is toggled. With watchOS 11, Apple's smartwatches will automatically track the user's sleep cycle irrespective of the device mode, Weinbach says. Apple Watch sleep tracking on watchOS 11 is now automatic! No longer need to set sleep focus pic.twitter.com/K17OVYGFW5— Max Weinbach (@MaxWinebach) June 11, 2024 With the Apple Watch, users can track their sleep cycle and set schedules to meet their goals. Furthermore, it is also claimed to provide an estimated time a user spends in each sleep stage – REM sleep, core sleep, and deep sleep. Apple is also bringing a new Shazam widget to Smart Stack – a set of widgets available to users based on the time, location and activity which can be accessed from any watch face. Although Shazam was already available on the App Store or could be accessed via Siri, watchOS 11 is said to bring it to Smart Stack, potentially allowing users to search for currently playing music even quicker. Apple says in addition to Shazam, it is also introducing other widgets to Smart Stack, such as Translate, Distance, Photos, severe weather alerts and Live Activities. iOS 18 Brings New Bezel Animation, Improved Queuing in Apple Music


How Apple Used Google's Help to Train Its AI Models


Apple Vision Pro to Go on Sale in These International Markets: See Price watchOS 11 Compatibility According to Apple, watchOS 11 will be available on Apple Watch Series 6 or later, paired with iPhone XR or later models running on iOS 18. The watchOS 11 developer beta has already been rolled out and can be accessed via the Apple Developer Program. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 6 Confirmed to Get 50-Megapixel Sony LYT-808 Main Camera" ,  Realme GT 6 is gearing up to hit shelves in India and other global markets on June 20. As the launch date comes closer, Realme is revealing more details about the upcoming GT series smartphone. Most recently, the Chinese tech brand has confirmed the camera specifications of the Realme GT 6. The handset is already teased to feature a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC and a 5,500mAh battery with SuperVOOC charging support. It will come with several artificial intelligence (AI)-powered features as well. Realme GT 6 camera gets detailed Through a press release on Thursday, Realme confirmed the camera specifications of the Realme GT 6. It will feature a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-808 main sensor and support 4K Dolby Vision video recording. The presence of this 1/1.4-inch sensor with f/1.69 aperture and support for optical image stabilisation will be a major upgrade over the Sony LYT-600 sensor in the Realme GT 6T. Realme GT 6 will also feature a 50-megapixel telephoto sensor with an equivalent focal length of 47mm. It will come with the company's in-house HyperTone Image Engine that assists in processing images in RAW with AI. The camera setup will support different video and photography modes including Texture Portrait, Fast Capture, Night Mode, Star Mode, and Street Mode. The company promises users will get shots with exceptional image quality while shooting portraits, landscapes, or low-light scenes. Realme Confirms It Is Working on 300W Fast-Charging Technology Realme GT 6: What we know so far The Realme GT 6 launch is scheduled to take place in India and select global markets on June 20 at 1:30pm IST. It will be available for purchase in the country via Flipkart. The smartphone is already confirmed to be equipped with a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset that is said to offer 120 frames per second refresh rate for gaming. It is teased to feature a 10,014mm square dual VC cooling system for thermal management. Realme Narzo N63 With 50-Megapixel Rear Camera Launched in India Earlier this week, Realme also confirmed the phone will pack a 5,500mAh battery with 120W SuperVOOC charging support. This fast charging technology is claimed to fill the dual cell battery on the Realme GT 6 from zero to 100 percent in 28 minutes. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Galaxy Watch 6 Gets These AI-Powered Features With One UI 6 Watch Beta" ,  Samsung has officially announced the One UI 6 Watch Beta Program for the Galaxy Watch 6 series. The next operating system for Samsung's smartwatches is expected to be unveiled with the launch of Galaxy Watch 7, which is speculated to happen at the Galaxy Unpacked event in July. Currently available to Galaxy Watch 6 users, the One UI 6 Watch Beta update brings new features such as a suite of health features powered by Galaxy AI – Samsung's suite of artificial intelligence (AI) features. One UI 6 Watch Beta Availability In a post on its US community forum, Samsung announced that it is kicking off the One UI 6 Watch Beta Program, enabling users to try out experimental features before they are widely rolled out. While the program is generally available to users in China, Germany, India, Poland, South Korea, the UK, and the US, SamMobile reported that the company is currently introducing the One UI 6 Watch Beta only in the US and South Korea. Additionally, only Galaxy Watch 6 models are said to be compatible with the update. Samsung Might Have Just Made Its Galaxy Watch Ultra Official One UI 6 Watch Beta Features Galaxy AI Users can now monitor their energy levels with Samsung Health's new energy score feature. It is also claimed to offer sleep insights such as heart rate and respiratory rate during sleep, providing an analysis of the quality of the user's sleep cycle. Users can now also combine different exercises and set goals, Samsung claims. All these features are powered by Galaxy AI. Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra Tipped to Offer Competition to Face ID Improved Controls In addition to AI-powered features, the One UI 6 Watch Beta is also said to introduce better ways to control the Galaxy Watch. Users can now flick the horizontally and quickly scroll through notifications. A new double pinch action – activated by pinching the thumb and index finger together twice – is also introduced. With this simple gesture, Samsung says users can take actions such as answering calls, turning off alarms, scrolling through notifications, taking pictures and more. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Tipped to Get 50-Megapixel Main Camera Other actions, such as flicking the wrist to go back and tapping the bottom of the screen to see a list of activities, are also integrated. Samsung says users can now control certain features of the Galaxy Watch, such as do not disturb, always on display and raise wrist to wake, with modes. With One UI 6 Watch Beta, an option is introduced to customise notifications, so that users receive alerts from the apps they choose. Other Features With One UI 6, users can now save images sent as attachments with messages. Moreover, frequently used emojis can be set as favourites for quick access. A new default font is also introduced with a “more stylish and modern feel”. Samsung says users can make their Galaxy Watch last even longer by turning off select health features. When Bluetooth devices are available and paired, the Galaxy Watch is claimed to automatically connect to them for playback. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Pixel Watch 3 XL Design Spotted in Leaked Renders; Could Bear Resemblance to Pixel Watch 2" ,  Google Pixel Watch 3 series — comprising a standard Pixel Watch 3 and a larger Pixel Watch 3XL — is reportedly in development, and images of the larger model have now surfaced online. After launching its first Pixel Watch in 2022, Google followed up on the same with a sizable upgrade in the form of the Pixel Watch 2 last year. While still appearing distinctly familiar to the first model, the second generation wearable came with several upgrades under the hood and was lighter because of its new aluminium case. While Google has yet to officially announce the successor to the Pixel Watch 2, the rumour mill has started giving us some details about what the upcoming series would look like. We initially got our first look (via leaked render) of the Pixel Watch 3 which looked very (or almost identical) to the Pixel Watch 2, which was launched in India, and now we have an idea of what the larger model might look like. Android Headlines in collaboration with tipster Steve Hemmerstoffer (X: @OnLeaks) leaked images of the purported Pixel Watch 3XL, which is claimed to be bigger in terms of overall size, but pack in core hardware and sensors similar to the standard 41mm Pixel Watch 3. The Pixel Watch 3 XL appears nearly identical to the Pixel Watch 2 in terms of overall design in these leaked renders. It also appears that the round display will once again have the same thick black bezel as before, maintaining its pebble-like appearance. The case, strap fastening mechanism and health sensors on the case back also seem identical to what's available on the Pixel Watch 2. Samsung Galaxy Watch 6 and Watch 6 Classic Review: Notable Upgrades The source claims that the Pixel Watch 3 XL will have a 45mm case (45mm x 45mm x 13.89mm) versus the standard 41mm case (40.79 x 40.73 x 14mm) on the Pixel Watch 2 (and the existing Pixel Watch 2). It also claims that the bigger watch will have a bigger 1.45-inch display versus the smaller 1.2-inch display on the Pixel Watch 3 and the currently available Pixel Watch 2. Our best guess is that the Pixel Watch 3 XL will be bigger but will maintain the same design and dimensions of the smaller model, just scaled up. And this according to the source should also make space for a bigger battery and more sensors. The band system has reportedly also been altered for the bigger model even though it appears similar in the renders. This is mainly because of the XL's bigger overall size and the obvious fact that the bands will not be interchangeable between the two models. The XL model also seems to have a pin buckle fastening system which is available on the crafted and two-tone leather bands (not sold in India). It is indeed nice to see Google finally expanding its smartwatch range by adding a bigger model, which should ideally cater to those with bigger wrists. However, we request our readers to take the above information with a pinch of salt as it does not come from Google. So, there is a chance that the designs showcased in these leaks could be different. Google is expected to hold a launch event for its new Pixel lineup in October and we expect the new Watch models to be announced at that time as well. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Google I/O 2023 saw the search giant repeatedly tell us that it cares about AI, alongside the launch of its first foldable phone and Pixel-branded tablet. This year, the company is going to supercharge its apps, services, and Android operating system with AI technology. We discuss this and more on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G With IP69 Rating, 64-Megapixel Rear Camera Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G was launched in India on Thursday. It is powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 7050 chipset and packs a 5,000mAh battery that supports 67W wired fast charging. The handset is equipped with a 64-megapixel dual rear camera unit. It also comes with IP69, IP68, and IP66 certifications for dust and water resistance. The phone is available in two storage options in the country. It appears to be a rebadged version of the Oppo A3 Pro, which was unveiled in China in April this year. Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G price in India, availability The Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G starts in India at Rs. 27,999 for the 8GB + 128GB option, while the 8GB + 256GB variant is priced at Rs. 29,999. The phone is available for pre-order in the country via the Oppo online store, Amazon, and Flipkart starting today. Formal sales will begin from June 20. The handset is offered in two colour options - Dusk Pink and Midnight Navy. Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G specifications, features Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G sports a 6.7-inch full-HD+ (2,412 x 1,080 pixels) 3D curved OLED screen with 120Hz refresh rate, up to 240Hz touch sampling rate, up to 950nits of local peak brightness, and Corning Gorilla Glass Victus 2 protection. Oppo A3 Pro Could Launch in India Soon; Might Look Like This It is powered by an octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 7050 SoC, paired with an ARM Mali-G68 MC4 GPU, 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM, and up to 256GB of UFS 3.1 onboard storage. The Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G ships with Android 14-based ColorOS 14.0. The Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G appears to be a durable phone as it comes with a MIL-STD 810H build and carries a Swiss SGS Premium Performance 5 Stars Drop Resistance certification. It is also equipped with IP69, IP68, and IP66 ratings for dust and water resistance. For optics, the Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G is equipped with a dual rear camera unit that includes a 64-megapixel primary sensor and a 2-megapixel secondary sensor. The front camera of the smartphone holds an 8-megapixel sensor. Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro Specifications and Design Leaked Ahead of Debut


Oppo Reno 12F 5G, Reno 12F 4G Price Range, Key Specifications Tipped The Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for up to 67W wired SuperVOOC charging. For security, the handset gets an in-display fingerprint sensor. The phone offers Wi-Fi 6, GPS, Bluetooth 5.3, and USB Type-C connectivity. It weighs 177g and measures about 162.7 x 74.3 x 7.9mm in size.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo Reno 12, Oppo Reno 12 Pro Global Launch Date Set for June 18; AI Features Teased" ,  Oppo Reno 12 and Oppo Reno 12 Pro with MediaTek Dimensity SoCs were introduced in China last month. Now, Oppo has revealed the launch date of the Reno 12 series for global markets. These handsets are teased to support several generative AI (GenAI) features including AI Portrait and AI LinkBoost. The Chinese variants of Oppo Reno 12 feature 50-megapixel triple rear cameras and 50-megapixel front cameras. They ship with Android 14-based ColorOS 14 and offer an IP65-rated build. Oppo Reno 12 series launch details Through a teaser video on YouTube, Oppo announced the arrival of Oppo Reno 12 series in global markets. The launch event will take place in Ibiza, Spain, on June 18. The upcoming phones are promised to offer generative AI features like AI Portrait and AI LinkBoost. They are currently up for pre-orders in Malaysia. The Oppo Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro were released in the Chinese market in May with a starting price of CNY 2,699 (roughly Rs. 31,000) and CNY 3,399 (roughly Rs. 39,000), respectively. The upcoming global variants are expected to come with a few tweaks under the hood. Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G Roundup: Here's Everything You Need to Know Oppo Reno 12 series specifications (expected) Chinese variants of Oppo Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro run on Android 14-based ColorOS 14 and sport 6.7-inch full-HD+ 1.5K curved OLED screens with 120Hz refresh rate and Corning Gorilla Glass Victus 2 protection. The vanilla model is powered by a 4nm octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 8250 Star Speed Edition SoC, while the Pro version features a MediaTek Dimensity 9200+ Star Speed Edition chipset. They are equipped with up to 16GB of LPDDR5X RAM and up to 512GB of UFS 3.1 onboard storage. Oppo A60 With 5,000mAh Battery, Snapdragon 680 Chip Launched: See Price Both Oppo Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro carry 50-megapixel main sensors alongside 50-megapixel telephoto cameras and 8-megapixel ultra-wide-angle shooters. The vanilla model has a Sony LYT-600 primary sensor, whereas the Reno 12 Pro has a Sony IMX890 main sensor. Both handsets feature 50-megapixel front cameras. Both Oppo Reno 12 models pack 5,000mAh batteries with support for 80W SuperVOOC fast charging. They have an IP65 rating for dust and splash resistance and include in-display fingerprint sensors.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Not Paying OpenAI to Integrate ChatGPT on iOS 18, macOS Sequoia: Report" ,  Apple announced its partnership with OpenAI, which will integrate the latter's artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot ChatGPT into the iPhone, iPad, and Mac devices, at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 keynote session on June 10.  A new report now highlights that Apple is not offering any monetary benefits to the AI firm for this deal, and neither is OpenAI paying a fee to the iPhone maker. However, reportedly the deal still opens avenues for both sides to make significant monetary gains. Apple-OpenAI Deal does not involve monetary transaction Bloomberg's Mark Gurman reports that the Apple-OpenAI partnership “isn't expected to generate meaningful revenue for either party — at least at the outset.” Citing people briefed on the matter, the report states that Apple believes that the exposure OpenAI's brand and technology will get due to reaching “hundreds of millions” of Apple users will offset the value of a monetary payment. This does not mean that OpenAI is paying the Cupertino-based tech giant. Unlike the Google-Apple deal where the former was reportedly paying $15 Billion (roughly 1,25,319 crores) to remain the default search engine on iPhone, iPad, and Mac in 2021, this deal will not result in direct monetary benefits for Apple either. Instead, the report claims Apple aims to entice more people into buying its devices (or upgrading, if they own an older device) with ChatGPT's AI offerings. How Apple Used Google's Help to Train Its AI Models Apple also does not intend to stop at integrating ChatGPT into its operating systems, as per the report. The company is said to be in talks with Google to onboard Gemini's chatbot as an additional option. This was also hinted at by Apple's Senior Vice President of Software Engineering, Craig Federighi in a post-WWDC keynote discussion. Further, Gurman claims that the iPhone maker has also held discussions with Anthropic, the maker of Claude AI chatbot, as another potential partner. The company's AI strategy is believed to offer multiple AI services to users so they can choose the one they prefer. Apple Adds RCS, Satellite Capabilities in iPhone Messages With iOS 18


iOS 18 With Home Screen Customisation, Improved Privacy Unveiled at WWDC Notably, Apple is also powering multiple AI features in its devices via an in-house AI model which will process information both on-device and via the recently announced Private Cloud Compute servers. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo A3 Pro India Variant Tipped to Launch Soon; Design Leaked in Hands-On Image" ,  Oppo A3 Pro could be launched in India soon, as the latest handset in the company's A smartphone series. It is expected to be a different version of its Chinese counterpart, which was unveiled in April. Meanwhile, a tipster has shared a hands-on image of the rumoured Oppo A3 Pro Indian variant which shows a different design compared to the one that was launched in China. The specifications of the purported Indian handset may also differ from the Chinese model. Notably, the Chinese Oppo A3 Pro is said to launch in India as the Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G. Oppo A3 Pro India variant design, launch (expected) The Indian variant of the Oppo A3 Pro will be a different phone than its Chinese counterpart, according to a 91Mobiles report that cites information leaked by tipster Sudhanshu (@Sudhanshu1414). A live image of the purported Oppo A3 Pro Indian version has also been leaked.  Oppo A3 Pro India variant leaked live imagePhoto Credit: 91Mobiles  The Oppo A3 Pro India variant is seen in the leaked hands-on image in a purple colour option with a glossy finish. Instead of a circular rear camera module on the Chinese version of the Oppo A3 Pro, the aforementioned leak shows the phone with a silver, rectangular rear camera island, which holds two camera sensors and an LED flash unit, vertically arranged. It appears with flat, rounded edges. Oppo A3 Pro With Dimensity 7050 Chipset, IP69 Rating Launched: See Price The tipster did not hint at a launch timeline for the Indian version of the Oppo A3 Pro. The handset is likely to be introduced in the country soon, as it was recently spotted on the Bureau of Indian Standard (BIS) certification website. Oppo A3 Pro India variant specifications (expected) The design of the Oppo A3 Pro India version is expected to be different from its Chinese counterpart, and its specifications could also vary. Although the tipster did not suggest any specifications of the rumoured Oppo A3 Pro Indian variant, he claims that the phone is expected to succeed the Oppo A79 5G, which was unveiled in the country in October 2023. Therefore, the anticipated handset will likely feature upgraded features and specifications over the older smartphone. Oppo A3 Listed on TENAA With These Key Specifications


Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G India Launch Date, Design, Colours and Features Revealed To refresh our memories, the Oppo A79 5G comes with MediaTek Dimensity 6020 SoC and a 5,000mAh battery with 33W SuperVOOC charging support. It sports a 6.72-inch full-HD+ LCD screen and carries a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit alongside an 8-megapixel front camera. It ships with Android 13-based ColorOS 13.1. The phone was priced in India at Rs. 19,999 for the lone 8GB + 128GB option, at launch.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel Lookup Feature for Unknown Callers Rolling Out to Pixel Smartphones: Report" ,  Google has begun rolling out the reverse number search feature for Pixel smartphones, according to a report. The feature, dubbed ‘Lookup', was initially rolled out Google Pixel owners in Japan and it appears to be making its way to other regions. In the Pixel Feature Drop for June 2024, the tech giant announced that it would be rolling out the Lookup feature on a wider scale, enabling users to identify unknown numbers directly from their call log. Google Pixel phones updated wwith Lookup feature According to a 9to5Google report, this feature is now being rolled out to Pixel users. It was reportedly spotted in the Phone by Google app version 132, which is currently in beta. It is reported to be a server-side feature, meaning users do not need to manually update the Phone app to get it. Earlier this week, Google said that the Lookup feature would be rolled out to Google Pixel owners as part of the latest Feature Drop. As the feature was spotted on a beta version, it's currently unclear when it will roll out to all users. Google Pixel Lookup feature: How it works To use it, users simply need to head over to the Recents tab in the Phone app and tap on an unknown number. Alongside existing options such as Add Contacts, Message, and History, a new Lookup icon is now reportedly visible. When tapped, the device automatically searches for the selected unknown recent caller on the internet.  Google Lookup Feature on Pixel SmartphonesPhoto Credit: Google  The feature was first reported by tipster Assemble Debug in the Google Phone app beta version 127.0.620688474 on X (formerly Twitter) on April 5. It was suggested then that it may allow users to choose from apps that can look up the number on the web, with Google Search being one of the options. The Lookup feature is likely for phone numbers tied to businesses that are publicly listed on the internet, and not for personal numbers which are unlikely to be found in public databases. At present, it is reportedly only available on Pixel smartphones. Whether it will make its way to other Android devices too remains unclear. You Might Soon See This AI Feature in YouTube Shorts on Mobile


Google Pixel 9, Pixel Fold 2 Alleged Case Renders Hint at Design


YouTube Will Soon Let You Search for Videos Using a Google Lens Button In addition to Lookup, another new feature in the Phone app is reported – a shortcut for Contact ringtones. It appears in the settings of the Phone app, below the Audio Emoji option, it is suggested. This feature is speculated to not have been widely rolled out and may only be available to select users. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Bitcoin Price Remains Above $68,000 Mark, Prices of Most Altcoins Rise After US Fed Holds Key Rates Steady" ,  Bitcoin has been trading sideways for days, with the value of the popular cryptocurrency remaining under the $70,000 (roughly Rs. 58.4 lakh) mark. On Thursday, the value of the world's most widely used digital asset grew by 0.66 percent. On international exchanges like CoinMarketCap and Coinbase, Bitcoin is currently trading at $68,105 (roughly Rs. 56.8 lakh) and remains subject to fluctuation. On the other hand, Bitcoin is now worth around $72,005 (roughly Rs. 60 lakh) on Indian exchanges like WazirX and CoinDCX. "In the last 24 hours, the crypto market experienced volatility following the release of US Consumer Price Index (CPI) data, which came in lower than expected. This initially led to a market pump, but prices soon retraced after the FOMC announcement that the Fed's fund rate would remain constant. For BTC, holding above the $67,000 level (roughly Rs. 55.9 lakh) is crucial to maintain the uptrend,” the CoinDCX markets desk told Gadgets360. Ether price increased by 0.30 percent over the last 24 hours. As per CoinMarketCap, Ether is trading at $3,509 (roughly Rs. 2.93 lakh) on foreign exchanges, and $3,112 (roughly Rs. 2.6 lakh) on exchanges in India. Brazil’s Largest Bank Opens Crypto Trading for Its Over 60 Million Users “Despite the imminent launch of Ether's spot exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in the US, the price has remained below $3,750 (roughly Rs. 3.13 lakh) for the past three days. Some attribute ETH's lack of bullish momentum to the uncertainty surrounding the timeline for the individual S-1 fund filing approvals by the regulator. As indicated by derivatives metrics, Ether investors' optimism has dropped to its lowest point in three weeks,” the ZebPay Trade Desk told Gadgets360. “ETH has a strong support at $3,450 (roughly Rs. 2.88 lakh) whereas $3,700 (roughly Rs. 3.09 lakh) will now act as a resistance for the asset.” Some altcoins also joined BTC and ETH on the profit-making side of the crypto chart on Thursday. These include Binance Coin, Solana, USD Coin, Ripple, and Cardano. Similarly, the prices of Avalanche, Shiba Inu, Polkadot, Chainlink, Near Protocol, Polygon, and Litecoin also rose on Thursday. RBI’s CBDC Saw Drop in Wholesale Circulation, Massive Rise in Retail Use Only a handful of cryptocurrencies that recorded losses, such as Tether, Dogecoin, Tron, Leo, Braintrust, and Circuits of Value marked their names, as per the crypto price tracker by Gadgets360. The overall crypto market cap rose by 1.40 percent over the last 24 hours. As per CoinMarketCap, the present valuation of the crypto sector currently stands at $2.47 trillion (roughly Rs. 2,06,31,292 crore). At present, Bitcoin's dominance over the crypto sector valuation is at 54.2 percent. Ether commands 17.2 percent market dominance leaving the rest to other altcoins.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G to Arrive in India in New Colour Variant, Tipster Claims" ,  Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G was unveiled in India in January alongside the base Redmi Note 13 5G and the top-of-the-line Redmi Note 13 Pro+ 5G. The Pro version is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 chipset and packs a 5,100mAh battery with 67W wired fast charging support. It is equipped with a 200-megapixel triple rear camera unit and a 1.5K AMOLED display. The Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G has now been tipped to be available in the country in a new variant. Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G new colour option (expected) Tipster Sudhanshu (@Sudhanshu1414) in collaboration with 91Mobiles has leaked the details of a new colour variant of the Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G in India. It is said to arrive in a new green colourway, that is similar to one of the following shades — Olive Green, Forest Green, Mint Green, and Sage Green.  Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G leaked green colourway rendersPhoto Credit: 91Mobiles  Notably, the Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G was initially launched in India in three colour options — Arctic White, Coral Purple, and Midnight Black. Redmi Note 13 Pro+ 5G World Champions Edition First Impressions The tipster adds that the expected new Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G variant will only differ by colour and share all the same specifications as the existing handset. It is currently unclear whether other phones in the lineup — the Redmi Note 13 5G and the Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G — will also be available in newer colourways. Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G Price in India The base 8GB + 128GB option of the Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G was priced in India at Rs. 25,999 at launch, while the 8GB + 256GB and 12GB + 256GB variants were listed at Rs. 27,999 and Rs. 29,999, respectively. Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G Specifications, Features The Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G sports a 6.67-inch 1.5K (1,220x2,712 pixels) AMOLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate and Corning Gorilla Glass Victus protection. The phone is powered by a Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC paired with up to 12GB of LPDDR4X RAM and up to 256GB of UFS 2.2 onboard storage. It ships with Android 13-based MIUI 14. Redmi A3x Surfaces on Global Website With These Specifications For optics, the Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G is equipped with a triple rear camera system which includes a 200-megapixel primary sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS), an 8-megapixel sensor with an ultra-wide-angle lens and a 2-megapixel macro shooter. The front camera of the handset holds a 16-megapixel sensor. Redmi 13 4G With MediaTek Helio G91 Ultra SoC Launched: See Price The Redmi Note 13 Pro 5G is backed by a 5,100mAh battery with support for 67W wired fast charging. It comes with an IP54 rating for dust and splash resistance and an in-display fingerprint sensor for security. The phone also supports 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, GPS/AGPS, Bluetooth 5.2, NFC and USB Type-C connectivity.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Price, Colour and Storage Variants Leaked; Might Cost More Than Galaxy Z Fold 5" ,  Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 are expected to be unveiled at the next Galaxy Unpacked event. We have already seen multiple rumours about the design, colours, and specifications of the book-style foldable. A new leak finally gives us a look at the Galaxy Z Fold 6 price in the US,, ahead of its expected debut. The Galaxy Z Fold 6 could be more expensive than last year's Galaxy Z Fold 5, at least in the US. Despite the price hike, the storage options are likely to remain unchanged from last year. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Price (Rumoured) Smartprix collaborated with tipster Steve Hemmerstoffer (@OnLeaks) to leak the US pricing of the Galaxy Z Fold 6. As per the report, the foldable phone will be priced at $1,899.99 (roughly Rs. 1,58,000) for the base 256GB storage variant. The 512GB and 1TB storage variants are tipped to retail at $2,019.99 (roughly Rs. 1,68,000) and $2,259.99 (roughly Rs. 1,78,000), respectively. The Galaxy Z Fold 6 is said to come in navy, pink and silver shadow shades and weigh 239 grams. Samsung is expected to provide free storage upgrades for customers pre-booking the device. Further, there could be options to bundle accessories at a highly discounted price. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Spotted on Geekbench With These Specifications Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Price May Be Higher Than Galaxy Z Fold 5 If this leak about the pricing of the Galaxy Z Fold 6 is accurate, it would mark a notable jump from the Galaxy Z Fold 5's launch price. The predecessor was priced at $1,799 (roughly Rs. 1,50,000), $1,919 (1,60,000) and $2,159 (1,80,000) for the 256GB, 512 and 1TB versions, respectively. The Galaxy Z Fold 6 is speculated to be priced around Rs. 1,69,999 or Rs. 1,74,999 in India for the base variant. The Galaxy Z Fold 5 was priced at Rs. 1,54,999 for the base 12GB RAM + 256GB storage configuration. Samsung is expected to unveil the Galaxy Z Fold 6 alongside the Galaxy Z Flip 6 at its next Galaxy Unpacked event. The launch event is rumoured to take place on July 10 in Paris. The next generation foldable are expected to run on the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Mobile Platform for Galaxy and ship with the Android 14 operating system with One UI 6 on top. They are confirmed to come with Galaxy AI, just like the Galaxy S24 series. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 Poster Leaks Revealing Design   




title = "iOS 18 Gets New Bezel Animation, ‘Add to Queue’ Option in Apple Music" ,  With the introduction of iOS 18, Apple is rolling out several quality-of-life changes that aim to improve the functionality of the iPhone. Announced at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on Monday, the next big update for Apple's mobile operating system brings two new notable features – a new pop-out bezel animation that appears when the physical buttons are pressed, and new improvements in Apple Music. Both of these have been introduced with the iOS 18 Developer Beta 1. New features on iOS 18 The first feature is aimed at improving the visual element of iOS 18. When a user adjusts the volume or uses the power button on the iPhone, a part of the bezel adjacent to the buttons appear to protrude onto the display. It also appears when using the Action button, but this is limited to the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max. Apple Music has also received a new option that lets users add tracks to their queue more conveniently. A new 'Add Songs to Queue' option now appears at the bottom of the queue, replacing the Play Last option. How Apple Used Google's Help to Train Its AI Models Furthermore, the iPhone maker has finally added functionality through which users can change the tracks without discarding the entire queue. Another notable change lets users clear the entire queue at once. All of the aforementioned features have been deployed with the iOS 18 Developer Beta 1 update and users with iPhone XR and newer models can access them by installing the update. Gadgets 360 staff members were able to verify their availability. To access these features as well as others, users will need to sign up for the Apple Developer program. While it previously required a per-year fee of $99 (roughly Rs. 8,000), Apple made it free-for-all in June 2023. Apple Vision Pro to Go on Sale in These International Markets: See Price


Apple Explains How Its Private Cloud Compute Will Protect User Data However, it should be noted that developer beta updates are meant for testing purposes. While they grant users access to new features, the updates are often unstable and carry bugs and glitches, some of which may affect the overall functionality of the iPhone, including poor battery life, handset becoming unresponsive, and unusual behaviour of apps. Therefore, caution is advised while installing the developer beta updates. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "YouTube Tests AI-Powered Comment Topics Summariser Feature for Shorts on Mobile" ,  YouTube is testing its AI-based comment topic summariser feature for Shorts. The experimental feature will only show up on the video streaming giant's iOS and Android apps for now and will be available on a limited number of Shorts with large comment sections from select creators. The feature sorts the comment section into popular topics based on user-generated comments. AI topics were first announced last year and were later rolled out globally for long-format videos. Notably, YouTube is also testing an AI-powered custom green screen image generation tool dubbed Dream Screen for Shorts. YouTube tests AI topics for Shorts In its dedicated support page for test features and experiments, YouTube shared details of the feature. The platform said it is testing the comment topics summariser feature for Shorts. The minute-long vertical videos with infinite scrolling have become a popular addition to the streaming platform. YouTube is now adding the comment topics feature to boost the participation of users in conversations. The AI-powered topics summarise feature works in a straightforward manner. It pulls all the published comments to find similar keywords. Then, it categorises the most-talked-about keywords into different sections and generates a title for each topic. YouTube Will Soon Let You Search for Videos Using a Google Lens Button In long-format videos, these topics can be seen on the mobile app once the user enters the comment section. On the top of the section, a new 'Topics' tab appears that shows different labelled topics when clicked. Each topic shows all the relevant comments to help users easily find interesting conversations and contribute to them. YouTube stated that during the test, the AI topics will be visible on Shorts by select creators who are part of the experiment groups. The company will choose Shorts with large comment sections and show topics. Front-end visibility will also be for a small number of users viewing the videos on the mobile app. YouTube Tests AI Feature to Let You Generate Background Images in Shorts


You Can Now Play Over 75 Games for Free on YouTube's Playables Platform In case creators want to remove any topic, they will have to delete individual comments that appear under a specific topic. Further, YouTube explained that the AI only uses published comments to thematically align them, and comments which are held for review, those containing blocked words, or from blocked users will not be considered. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel 9, Pixel Fold 2 Alleged Case Renders Hint at Design; Suggest Pixel 9 Pro XL Variant" ,  Google Pixel 9 family is expected to go official in October. We are still months away from the anticipated launch timeline, but phone case manufacturers seem to have started keeping their products ready for the next flagships. Most recently, alleged case renders for the Pixel 9 and Pixel Fold 2 have surfaced on the Web. The transparent protective cases that emerged from a known case manufacturer suggest multiple variants for the Pixel 9. The case for the Pixel Fold 2 indicates a similar design language to that of the Pixel Fold. The upcoming foldable phone is likely to get larger screens compared to its predecessor. Google Pixel 9, Pixel Fold 2 design (expected) Case maker Thinborne has published renders of Google Pixel 9 and Pixel Fold 2 cases. They are said to be made of 600D Aramid Fibre material and have MagSafe compatibility. The listings on the Thinborne website indicate that Google intends to announce a Pixel 9 Pro XL model along with its Pixel 9 and Pixel 9 Pro variants this year. This corroborates with past leaks. The XL model is expected to come with a larger screen. The case renders of Pixel Fold 2 suggest a familiar design language to Pixel Fold. It seems to have large cover and inner displays. The cases feature flat sides and cutout for the Pixel camera bar. The case maker seems to have used designs that have been already leaked on the Web previously. However, the designs may change before the final launch of the handsets, therefore these details should be considered with a pinch of salt. Google's Next Foldable to Be Reportedly Called Pixel 9 Pro Fold Google is expected to announce the Pixel 9 series and Pixel Fold 2 in October. The handsets could ship with Android 15 and Tensor G4 SoC. Google's June Pixel Feature Drop Brings Gemini AI to These Phones The vanilla Pixel 9 is said to get a 6.24-inch display while the Pro and XL models could feature 6.34-inch and 6.73-inch screens, respectively. The panels are said to be of AMOLED variety with 120Hz refresh rate. 




title = "Vivo Y58 5G Tipped to Launch Soon in India; Alleged Marketing Images Suggest Design, Specifications" ,  Vivo Y58 5G could be inching towards its launch in India. The Chinese tech brand is yet to confirm the arrival of this new Y series smartphone, but ahead of that, its alleged marketing posters have surfaced online. The Vivo Y58 5G is said to run on Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC, coupled with 8GB of RAM. It could get a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit and IP64-rated built. The Vivo Y58 5G is expected to house a 6,000mAh battery with 44W fast charging support. An X user AN Leaks (@LeaksAn1) has posted alleged marketing materials of Vivo Y58 5G while stating that it will launch in India soon. The renders show the smartphone in two colour options and reveal a circular rear camera module with slightly curved edges. It is seen featuring a hole punch cutout on the screen to house the selfie shooter. Vivo Y58 5G specifications (expected) As per the leak, the Vivo Y58 5G will feature a 6.72-inch full-HD+ display with a refresh rate of 120Hz and 1,024nits peak brightness. Under the hood, the handset could be powered by a Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC with 8GB of RAM and 128GB of storage that could support expansion up to 1TB. It is said to offer up to 8GB of extended RAM as well. Vivo Y200 Series With 6,000mAh Battery, Up to 80W Fast Charging Launched For photos and videos, the Vivo Y58 5G is likely to flaunt a dual rear camera unit, comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor and a 2-megapixel shooter. It is said to carry an 8-megapixel front camera. It is expected to come with IP64 rated built for dust and water resistance. The handset is said to include dual speakers and a side-mounted fingerprint scanner for authentication. Vivo X Fold 3 Pro Debuts as Vivo's First Foldable in India: See Price As per the renders, the Vivo Y58 5G will have a 6,000mAh battery with 44W fast charging support. It could measure 7.99mm in thickness and weigh 199 grams. 




title = "Wipro Launches Lab45 AI Platform to Improve Efficiency Across Enterprise Operations" ,  Wipro, the multinational IT services and consultation company, introduced the Lab45 AI platform on Tuesday. The artificial intelligence (AI) platform is an enterprise-focused suite aimed to help its clients gain higher efficiencies across business functions. It leverages generative AI, machine learning, and deep learning technologies to offer customised business solutions. The company has made the Lab45 AI platform available to all of its customers and employees. Notably, Wipro said that the platform has been tested by limited external clients and employees in the past six months. Wipro launches Lab45 AI platform Announcing the platform in a newsroom post, Subha Tatavarti, the Chief Technology Officer at Wipro, said, “Our Lab45 AI Platform is a testament to Wipro's commitment to innovation and productivity. We are excited about the transformative impact this platform will have across the business, particularly in HR, sales, marketing, and other business functions. Our platform will help our customers innovate faster while balancing privacy and responsible AI." As per the company, the Lab45 AI platform operates on a software-as-a-service (SaaS) model and offers multiple AI agents and large language models to its customers. The platform is said to feature more than 100 AI agents and more than 10 generative AI models. Further, it offers no-code and low-code pre-built applications for various business functions such as Human Resource (HR), sales, marketing, and operations. Enterprises can also create industry-specific AI agents and applications based on their needs. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra Will Let You Generate AI Images With Magic Canvas Further, the platform allows businesses to access custom applications through API-based (Application Programming Interface) access for custom applications, which it claims will make it easier to deploy AI models in specific environments. Highlighting an example, the IT giant claimed that Topcoder, a Wipro-acquired crowdsourcing company with a global community of developers, programmers, designers, and data scientists, witnessed a seven-fold increase in generative AI usage after integrating Lab45 AI into its workflow. How Apple Used Google's Help to Train Its AI Models


Microsoft Will Remove This Feature for Copilot Pro Subscribers by July 14 Separately, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) recently launched WisdomNext, an AI aggregation platform for enterprises. It is designed to let businesses run experiments on various generative AI models to develop familiarity with the technology, as well as to use it in different workflows to achieve higher efficiency and cost optimisation. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra Appears on Support Page, Confirming Its Existence" ,  Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra might have just become official courtesy of a new support page on the company's official website. The upcoming smartwatch from the South Korean tech giant was reportedly certified recently by the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS), alongside the Galaxy Watch FE. The listing also sheds light on some of the Galaxy Watch Ultra's specifications, along with its model number, which now has a support page on the official Samsung website. Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra support page goes live The support page for a product bearing the model number SM-L705F recently went live on the Samsung website in Latin America. According to a 91Mobiles report, that model number may correspond to the Galaxy Watch Ultra. The upcoming smartwatch from Samsung, along with other Galaxy Watch 7 series models, was reportedly spotted on the BIS certification website, bearing model numbers SM-L300, SM-L305F, SM-L310, SM-L315F, SM-L705F, and SM-R861. According to the report, model number SM-L705F is associated with the Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra, which the company could launch at its Galaxy Unpacked event, speculated to take place in July. The same model number is listed in the official Samsung support page, as well, thus hinting at the existence of the Ultra smartwatch. Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra Tipped to Offer Competition to Face ID The Galaxy Watch Ultra is reported to be available in a single 47mm variant with Wi-Fi + cellular capabilities. It may feature a penta-core CPU fabricated on a 3nm process and could have 3,000 nits of peak brightness. The smartwatch is also speculated to have a titanium chassis, dual-band (L1+L5) GPS support and water resistance up to 100m. It is also believed that the upcoming smartwatch may not be named Galaxy Watch Ultra at all, but might adopt the ‘X' moniker. The wearable could reportedly arrive as the Galaxy Watch X instead, being a more premium version of the Galaxy Watch 7. It would be a new premium tier in Samsung's smartwatch lineup, which currently has standard and pro variants. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 series, along with the new variant, is tipped to get a design overhaul. According to tipster Steve H.McFly (@OnLeaks), it may sport a new square-shaped dial and a new third button. However, it is said to retain the rotating bezel. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Tipped to Get 50-Megapixel Main Camera


Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro May Sport a Design Similar to AirPods Pro So, how much could it cost? While there is no official information about the pricing of the Galaxy Watch Ultra (or Watch X), it is speculated to be priced “significantly higher” compared to Samsung's current offerings. Upon launch, it may compete with the Apple Watch Ultra 2. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "YouTube Testing Google Lens Button With Object Detection, OCR-Based Search on Android: Report" ,  YouTube is set to offer improved functionality with the integration of a new Google Lens button, according to a report. A new option to perform a search using Google's visual lookup tool has been added to the top panel that includes search bar on the YouTube app for Android, enabling users to take an image of an object and search for it on the video-streaming platform. The feature is now rolling out to users, which means not all users will see it immediately on their smartphones. Google Lens on YouTube According to a 9to5Google report, the YouTube app on Android has been updated with a new Google Lens button that brings support for the company's visual search tool to its popular streaming platform. It is shown to appear when searching for videos, alongside the microphone button that lets users dictate search terms instead of typing them. Google Lens can identify objects in the viewfinder by comparing them with similar images on the Internet. It is also claimed to be capable of translating over 100 languages in real time. Google also says it can provide step-by-step instructions for completing homework. Additionally, it is also equipped with optical character recognition (OCR) functionality, which lets it identify text in images. Google's June Pixel Feature Drop Brings Gemini AI to These Phones According to the publication, users will reportedly be able to capture images of objects using Google Lens and perform a search on YouTube. Apart from the search bar, the Lens icon also reportedly appears on top of the search results page on YouTube for Android. Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to verify the availability of this feature on YouTube for Android. The report suggests that the Google Lens integration is being rolled out in a phased manner and all users may not see it on their handsets immediately. YouTube Tests Dream Screen Support YouTube also recently started testing a new Dream Screen feature for Shorts that will add custom green screen images generated by AI to the videos, according to a blog post by the company. To use it, creators can simply provide a text prompt describing what they want in the background. How WhatsApp Will Soon Make Accessing Your Top Channels Much Easier


Siri May Soon Be Able to Control Robot Vacuum Cleaners for You It is speculated that this feature is aimed at creators who prefer to use creative backgrounds to stand out in the videos, without requiring the resources to do so. Google says it is an experimental feature, meaning only select Shorts creators will have access to it. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 6 Teased to Feature 5,500mAh Battery, SuperVOOC Charging Support" ,  Realme GT 6 is all set to go official on June 20 and will be up for sale in India through Flipkart. As the launch date is nearing, the Chinese tech brand is actively revealing the design and specifications of the new GT series phone. Most recently, the brand has confirmed the battery and charging details of the Realme GT 6. It is already teased to run on Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC. It will come with several artificial intelligence (AI)-powered features. Realme GT 6 battery, charging details Both Realme and Flipkart, via a dedicated landing page on their websites, are teasing the launch of the Realme GT 6. As per the teasers, the upcoming phone will pack a 5,500mAh battery with 120W SuperVOOC charging support. This fast charging technology is claimed to fill the dual cell battery from zero to 50 percent in 10 minutes and zero to 100 percent in 28 minutes. Realme GT 6's battery is said to deliver up to 46 hours of talk time and eight hours of PUBG gameplay on a single charge. It is claimed to retain over 80 percent capacity after 1,600 full charge cycles. Realme states that the battery will ensure up to four years of use with one charge per day. Realme 13 Pro Colours, RAM, Storage Options Leaked The launch of Realme GT 6 will take place in India and select global markets on June 20 at 1:30pm IST. It is already confirmed to be equipped with a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset and offers 120 frames per second refresh rate for gaming. It is teased to feature a 10,014mm square dual VC cooling system for thermal management. Realme Confirms It Is Working on 300W Fast-Charging Technology Realme GT 6 is expected to feature a dual rear camera unit, comprising a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-808 primary sensor with optical image stabilisation, and an 8-megapixel Sony IMX355 ultra-wide angle lens. It is said to get a 32-megapixel front camera. The brand will disclose camera details on June 13. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Motorola Edge 50 Ultra to Get Magic Canvas Feature to Generate AI Images" ,  Motorola Edge 50 Ultra, the top-of-the-line model of the Edge 50 series, is all set to be launched in India on July 18. Ahead of the launch, the company has shared a video highlighting one of its promised artificial intelligence (AI) features dubbed Magic Canvas. Shown to be an AI text-to-image generator, the feature will let users create images with simple textual descriptions. Apart from AI features, the smartphone is also confirmed to be equipped with a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset. Magic Canvas to debut on Motorola Edge 50 Ultra In a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), the official handle of Motorola India shared a video highlighting how the AI-powered feature will work. In the video, one of the Motorola Edge 50 Ultra users opens an app-like interface with the title Create with AI. On the screen, two options can be seen — Style Sync and Magic Canvas. The user continues to the Magic Canvas screen and types a text prompt describing a scene, which the AI promptly generates. The user is also shown to share the image on WhatsApp, which highlights that Magic Canvas likely allows users to download or directly share generated images with third-party apps. Google's June Pixel Feature Drop Brings Gemini AI to These Phones While the Style Sync feature was not shown, its description on a single frame highlights that it will allow users to capture an image of their outfit to generate a matching wallpaper. The Motorola Edge 50 Ultra will also get an AI-integrated camera system for added stabilisation during video recording as well as capturing images with autofocus and long exposure. The company also stated in a newsroom post that the AI will assist in clicking better action shots. The AI features are powered by the smartphone maker's in-house Moto AI. As per the company, Moto AI is a systemwide integrated AI model that can be found in the camera, a generative theming application, navigation, and search features. It is also hinted to offer content creation and personalisation features. The company did not share any technical details of Moto AI. CMF Phone 1 With Rotating Dial Teased; Buds 2, Watch Pro 2 May Also Debut


Xiaomi 14 Civi With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC Debuts in India: See Price Additionally, Motorola revealed that the Edge 50 series users will be able to access AI-powered editing tools in the Google Photos app such as Magic Editor, Magic Eraser, and Photo Unblur. These features are already available on compatible Google Pixel devices. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "MediaTek Said to Be Designing Arm-Based Chip for Microsoft's AI Laptops" ,  Taiwanese chip design giant MediaTek is developing an Arm-based personal computer chip that will run Microsoft's Windows operating system, according to three people familiar with the matter. Last month, Microsoft unveiled a new generation of laptops that feature chips designed with Arm Holdings tech, which provide enough horsepower to run the artificial intelligence applications that executives said were the future of consumer computing. The MediaTek chip is geared toward this effort. The software company's plans take aim at Apple which has released its own Arm-based chips for Mac computers for roughly four years. And Microsoft's decision to optimize Windows for Arm could threaten Intel's longstanding dominance in the PC market. Microsoft Surface Laptop 7 Chip Beats M3 MacBook Air in These Benchmarks MediaTek and Microsoft declined to comment. MediaTek's Taiwan-listed shares closed up 2.4 percent on Wednesday, outperforming the broader index's 1.2 percent gain. The MediaTek PC chip is set to launch late next year after Qualcomm's exclusive deal to supply chips for laptops expires, two of the people said. The chip is based on Arm's ready-made designs, which can significantly speed development because less design work is needed using ready-made, tested chip components. Microsoft Surface Pro, Surface Laptop Unveiled: Price, Features It was not immediately clear whether Microsoft has approved MediaTek's PC chip for the Copilot+ Windows program. Executives at Arm have said one of its customers used the ready-made components to build a chip in roughly nine months for a design that is already complete, which MediaTek's is not. For experienced chip design businesses, advanced chips typically take considerably more than a year to construct and test, depending on the complexity. In 2016, Microsoft tapped Qualcomm to spearhead moving the Windows operating system to Arm's underlying processor architecture, which has long powered smartphones and their small batteries. Microsoft granted Qualcomm an exclusivity arrangement to develop Arm-based Windows-compatible chips until 2024, Reuters reported last year. With Snapdragon X Elite, Qualcomm Looks to Break Intel, AMD's PC Hegemony Because the Qualcomm exclusivity arrangement with Microsoft is expiring, other designers have opted to build chips to help power Microsoft's latest push to use Arm designs. For decades, Windows machines have relied on chip architecture made by Advanced Micro Devices and Intel. Nvidia and AMD are working on Arm designs for Windows machines, Reuters reported last year. The Nvidia effort for its PC chip involves help from MediaTek, according to a person familiar with the matter. The MediaTek effort for a PC chip is separate from its collaboration with Nvidia, two of the people said. © Thomson Reuters 2024  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "How Apple Used Google's Help to Train Its AI Models" ,  On stage on Monday CEO Tim Cook's Apple announced a splashy deal with OpenAI to include its powerful artificial intelligence model as a part of its voice assistant, Siri. But in the fine print of a technical document Apple published after the event, the company makes clear that Alphabet's Google has emerged as another winner in the Cupertino, California, company's quest to catch up in AI. To build Apple's foundation AI models, the company's engineers used its own framework software with a range of hardware, specifically its own on-premise graphics processing units (GPUs) and chips available only on Google's cloud called tensor processing units (TPUs). Apple Explains How Its Private Cloud Compute Will Protect User Data Google has been building TPUs for roughly 10 years, and has publicly discussed two flavors of its fifth-generation chips that can be used for AI training; the performance version of the fifth generation offers performance competitive with Nvidia H100 AI chips, Google said. Google announced at its annual developer conference that a sixth generation will launch this year. The processors are designed specifically to run AI applications and train models, and Google has built cloud computing hardware and software platform around them. Apple Reportedly Open to Bringing Google Gemini to Its Devices Apple and Google did not immediately return requests for comment. Apple did not discuss the extent to which it relied on Google's chips and software compared with hardware from Nvidia or other AI vendors. But using Google's chips typically requires a client to purchase access to them through its cloud division, much in the same way customers buy computing time from Amazon.com's AWS or Microsoft's Azure. © Thomson Reuters 2024  Apple launched the iPad Pro (2022) and the iPad (2022) alongside the new Apple TV this week. We discuss the company's latest products, along with our review of the iPhone 14 Pro on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Brazil’s Largest Bank Opens Crypto Trading for Over 60 Million of Its Users" ,  Itau Unibanco, touted as the largest bank in Brazil, has decided to open crypto trading services for its massive userbase of over 60 million. This step from Itau Unibanco comes after the bank tried offering this functionality to a small bunch of select users to check if users were interested in accessing this service at all. After having received a positive response from the trial, the bank has decided to roll out this crypto trading feature to all of its users. Guto Antunes, the head of Itaú Digital Assets reportedly said that the acceptance of the crypto trading service was high. The bank had conducted weekly surveys with the clients that were part of the trials. "The entire custody solution was designed and implemented within Itaú with our fiduciary duty in mind,” Antunes was quoted as saying. This custody solution has been launched as a separate app. According to what Antunes has told the media, the app has already been downloaded on over 3.5 million on Android and iOS devices. South Korea Will Classify These NFTs as Regular Cryptocurrencies The crypto sector is presently valued at $2.45 trillion (roughly Rs. 20,475 crore) with over 2.4 million cryptocurrencies in circulation, as per CoinMarketCap. As per a report by Binance, Brazil's crypto user base is expected to grow to 11 million in 2024 if it maintains its 2023 growth rate of 186 percent from January to July. In another report, Statista has projected that Brazil's crypto market could be valued at a whopping $1,094 million (roughly Rs. 9,141 crore) by the end of 2024. These statistics indicating a growth of the crypto sector in Brazil could also have contributed to Itau Unibanco's decision to opening crypto trading services to its massive userbase. Jack Dorsey-Backed Ocean Mining Moves Its Headquarters to El Salvador Brazil is currently serving as the President of the G20 group of nations, succeeding India to the position. As part of its presidency, the country is working with global financial watchdogs to figure out laws to regulate the crypto and Web3 sector at large. The country is expected to unveil the second phase of crypto rules by the end of 2024.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft GPT Builder Feature for Copilot Pro Subscribers to Be Retired by July 14" ,  Microsoft is retiring its artificial intelligence (AI) agent builder tool GPT Builder along with support for Copilot GPTs. The tech giant announced that the feature will be removed from the Copilot Pro subscription bundle between July 10 and July 14. After its removal, subscribers will also lose access to the GPTs they have created. The company has not shared any reasons behind rolling back the feature. Notably, GPT Builders was introduced just three months ago, when Microsoft launched the Copilot Pro subscription in global markets. Microsoft to Retire GPT Builder in Copilot Pro In a support document, Microsoft has now confirmed that the feature will be removed. It said, “Microsoft will remove the ability to create GPTs starting July 10, 2024, and then remove all GPTs (created by Microsoft and by customers) along with their associated GPT data also starting July 10, 2024, through July 14, 2024.” GPT Builder was introduced as a tool that would allow Copilot Pro subscribers to create mini chatbots for specific purposes. These GPTs, also known as AI agents, can be created with specific instructions and knowledge bases. Microsoft’s AI-Powered Recall Gets These New Security Features Due to their small size, they adhere to the guidelines efficiently. For instance, one can create a Copilot GPT to analyse research papers and find any inconsistencies in them. At the time of launch, Microsoft said these GPTs could also be used to save time by reusing a set of AI prompts. Microsoft to Focus on Core Copilot Functionality While the company did not specify any reason to discontinue the feature, it highlighted that it is evaluating its strategy for Copilot extensibility, and for the time being, will be prioritising the core product experiences for Copilot. Interestingly, GPTs will still be offered to Microsoft's commercial and enterprise clients and are only being retired for the consumer-focused AI platform. Microsoft has also asked users to save the instructions for any Copilot GPTs created before July 10, as GPTs and the data will not be accessible after that. To see the instructions, users can open the GPT in edit mode and go to the Configure tab. The company said it will delete any subscriber data that was collected by Copilot GPT from its servers. Microsoft Announces 3 New Xbox Series S/X Console Variants, Coming Holiday 2024


Microsoft’s Outlook Mobile App Gets More Features With Latest Update In India, the company's Copilot Pro subscription is priced at Rs. 2,000 per month. Microsoft has also shared details in case users want to cancel their subscription. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel Feature Drop for June Brings Gemini AI to More Pixel Phones Along With Other Imaging Features" ,  Google's Pixel Feature Drop for June has finally started seeding to devices in India. Gadgets 360 can confirm the arrival of the latest update on a Pixel 8 Pro review unit. The update is being delivered as part of a 0.97GB security update. While the latest Feature Drop brings some new features for supported Pixel smartphones, the Pixel Watch models and the Pixel Tablet, not all of these features will be available to users in India. As for supported devices, the Gemini Nano AI model which was earlier limited to Google's Pixel 8 Pro smartphone will now also be available on the Pixel 8 and the recently launched Pixel 8a. However, users of the latter two phones will need to enable the same under Developer options in Settings. Gemini Nano on Pixel 8, Pixel 8a Gemini Nano allows the Pixel 8 and Pixel 8a smartphones to perform more advanced AI-enabled features on-device. This would include powering the Summarise feature in the Recorder app which now — according to Google — works better, while delivering improved results and lets you export the transcripts to a Google Docs file. All the new Pixel smartphone models also get the ability to mirror content to an external display. This feature will require the user to possess a compatible USB Type-C cable and display as well. Find My Device Offline Tracking, Best Take Expansion The Find My Device network can now help a user locate their lost smartphone even when it is switched off. The feature now also works on devices with a dead battery. It uses Bluetooth technology and will require cell service or an internet connection. Google claims that the feature can help users locate their device (without power) for at least 23 hours. However, the feature is limited to Pixel 8 series of smartphones. Google Pixel 8 Pro Review: New Pixel, Old Problems Meanwhile, the face swapping ability using the Best Take feature is now coming to the Pixel Tablet, Pixel Fold and the smartphones from the Pixel 6 series onwards. The new update also lets users perform a reverse search to quickly look up an unknown phone number directly from the call log. Pixel Camera Improvements Another handy improvement coming with this update is in the Pixel Camera app which now lets you manually pick which camera lens you want while taking photos. This only applies to the Pixel 6 Pro, Pixel 7 Pro and the Pixel Fold which have telephoto cameras. Previously, the camera would automatically pick a lens/camera (primary or telephoto) based on your distance from the subject. The Pixel 8 Pro introduced a new selection with its Pro mode called Lens Selection which lets a user select a lens or camera of choice manually, which overrides the automatic lens selection. While this reduces the number of digital stops when zooming in, it also provides better control for enthusiasts who don't prefer digital crops with scaling. Car Crash Detection on Pixel Watch, Home App Revamped Coming to Pixel Watch, there's now Car Crash Detection, which will call emergency services and preset contacts after a high-impact car crash has been detected. Car Crash Detection is available on the Pixel Watch 2 in India. The feature ideally needs the Pixel Watch to be paired to a Pixel smartphone to work properly as the Pixel Watch Wi-Fi may not be able to call all emergency numbers in all countries. Fall Detection (a previously available feature) has also been improved. In select countries Google will now also let you link your PayPal account to your Google Wallet. Google Pixel 8 Review: Rounding Off Things


Google Pixel 8a Review Meanwhile the Home app has gotten a proper revamp on Wear OS letting you access Google Home devices faster with a single swipe on the watch. Lastly, the Pixel tablet will now receive richer doorbell notifications when docked giving users a better idea about a visitor at the door. It will also let the user talk with the person or even send across a quick response. However, the service requires a Nest Doorbell (wired, 1st and 2nd gen) or Nest Doorbell (battery) to be functional. Users will also need to update individual Google apps and services via the Play Store after installing the security update. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Google I/O 2023 saw the search giant repeatedly tell us that it cares about AI, alongside the launch of its first foldable phone and Pixel-branded tablet. This year, the company is going to supercharge its apps, services, and Android operating system with AI technology. We discuss this and more on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Vision Pro Sale Begins in China, Japan and Other Markets on June 28: Price, Availability" ,  Apple Vision Pro sale in global markets is set to commence on June 28 beginning with China, Japan, Singapore and Hong Kong, the company said at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 keynote on Monday. Initially limited to the US, the Vision Pro headset is making its way to other international markets including France, Germany, Canada, and Australia. The prices for the Cupertino-based tech giant's first-ever mixed-reality headset in these international markets were revealed after Apple's annual WWDC keynote address. Apple Vision Pro Global Price, Availability Apple Vision Pro pricing starts at $ 3499 (roughly Rs. 2,90,000) and is available in three storage configurations: 256GB, 512GB and 1TB. Additional Zeiss Optical Inserts can also be purchased, priced at $99 (roughly Rs. 8,000) for reader lenses and $149 (roughly Rs. 12,000) for prescription lenses. China - In the Chinese market, the headset costs CNY 29,999 (roughly Rs. 3,45,000) for the 256GB model, while the Zeiss inserts cost CNY 799 (roughly Rs. 9,200) and CNY 1,199 (roughly Rs. 14,000) for the reader and prescription lenses respectively. Apple Explains How Its Private Cloud Compute Will Protect User Data UK - The Apple Vision Pro with 256GB storage is priced at GBP 3,499 (roughly Rs. 3,70,000). The Zeiss Optical Inserts for readers cost GBP 99 (roughly Rs. 10,500). On the other hand, those requiring prescription lenses will need to shell out GBP 149 (roughly Rs. 16,000) for the same. Apple Bringing a Big Gaming Feature From Mac to iPhone With iOS 18


Apple Reportedly Open to Bringing Google Gemini to Its Devices Market Price     US $3,499   China CNY 29,999   Japan JPY 5,99,800   Hong Kong HKD 27,999   Singapore SGD 5,299   UK GBP 3,499   Australia AUD 5,999   France EUR 3,999   Germany EUR 3,999   Canada CAD 4,999 The AR/VR headset will be available for preorder in China, Hong Kong, Japan and Singapore starting June 14 at 6am local time, with sales beginning on June 28. Customers in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, and the UK can preorder the Vision Pro on June 28 at 5am local time, with shipping commencing on July 12, according to the company. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Phone 1 With Rotating Dial Teased Ahead of Launch; Nothing Sub Brand Hints at CMF Buds 2, Watch Pro 2" ,  CMF Phone 1 will soon be launched as the Nothing sub brand's first smartphone. The launch of the CMF Phone 1 was confirmed last week and now the company has released a teaser video revealing a unique rotating dial. The video also hints at the arrival of a new earbuds and smartwatch models. The latest video hints at a matte black finish for the rear panel on the CMF Phone 1. It is expected to be equipped with a Dimensity 7300 SoC from MediaTek and is likely to be similar to the Nothing Phone 2a. The Nothing sub-brand shared a 15-second teaser video on its X (formerly Twitter) handle with the title ‘Reinventing the Wheel' referring to the smart dial. The video shows three dials rotating slowly. The first dial is believed to belong to the CMF Phone 1, while the remaining two dials could be of the rumoured CMF Buds 2 and CMF Watch Pro 2. We can speculate that the smartphone's dial could be used to control media playback and volume. Reinventing the wheel. pic.twitter.com/sReOSubTKB— CMF by Nothing (@cmfbynothing) June 11, 2024  The video shows a matte black rear panel on the CMF Phone 1. It is already teased to come in an orange colourway. The brand is expected to launch the CMF Buds 2 and CMF Watch Pro 2 alongside the smartphone. We can expect CMF to announce more details about its next products in the coming days. Nothing Phone 2a Special Edition With Red, Yellow, Blue Accents Launched CMF Phone 1 price, specifications (expected) The CMF Phone 1 is expected to debut as an affordable smartphone with a price tag of Rs. 19,999. It is confirmed to go on sale via Flipkart. It is rumoured to run on MediaTek's Dimensity 7300 SoC and support for 33W fast wired charging. It is likely to come as a rebranded version of the recent Nothing Phone 2a with a different look — the most notable one being a lack of Nothing's trademark Glyph interface on the rear panel. As per past leaks, the CMF Phone 1 will run on Android 14 and feature a 6.67-inch full-HD+ OLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate. It could boast a 50-megapixel main camera and a 16-megapixel selfie snapper. It is expected to pack up to 8GB of RAM, up to 256GB of expandable storage and a 5,000mAh battery.    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Star Wars Outlaws Gameplay Showcase Details Ship Combat, Stealth" ,  Star Wars has a vibrant legacy in the video game medium. Most games in the iconic epic space opera franchise have focussed on the Jedi fantasy, letting players wield lightsabers and become one with the force. But few have allowed players to become a Han Solo-like Scoundrel — rogue smugglers taking on dangerous odd jobs and contracts. Star Wars Outlaws promises exactly that. Now, the upcoming action-adventure title from Ubisoft, which puts players in the shoes of Scoundrel Kay Vess, has received a 10-minute-long gameplay deep dive showcase, detailing aerial and blaster combat, traversal and exploration, and more. Star Wars Outlaws gameplay showcase At Ubisoft Forward, aired Monday, the publisher presented a Star Wars Outlaws gameplay showcase, that featured protagonist Kay Vess on a mission to Mos Eisley on Tatooine to track down a gunslinger. According to game director Mathias Karlson, players will have to explore the galaxy to find such experts who can help Kay pick up new skills. The expert gunslinger on Tatooine would help her upgrade her blaster skills. In the gameplay showcase, we see Kay take off from a merchant station in her ship, the Trailblazer, and travel through space. On her way to Tatooine, she encounters pirate starfighters and engages in aerial combat. We then see Vess land in Mos Eisley, a hub for rogues and scoundrels. Her intel leads her to warehouse controlled by the Hutt cartel. She scouts out the camp, sneaks in, and takes down a few enemies quietly. She finds the necessary intel and escapes after engaging in a shootout to meet up with the expert gunslinger. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Star Wars Outlaws game overview trailer Ubisoft also debuted a four-minute-long game overview trailer for Star Wars Outlaw at the presentation. The new trailer looks at Kay and her companion Nix's past, the adventures they take on together, and the open world players can explore. The upcoming action-adventure title will feature a variety of biomes to explore, allowing players to interact with distinct environments and the dangers that come with them. Set during the golden age of the underworld, the game will let players deal with different crime syndicates and factions, gain favour or become wanted. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Promising to be a full open-world adventure, Ubisoft's upcoming title is looking to carve its own space amid a host of popular Star Wars games. Recent games in the franchise, like Respawn's Star Wars Jedi: Survivor, have taken a melee action approach, bringing Soulslike mechanics to lightsaber combat. But a fully explorable open-world Star Wars game, with blaster and ship combat and an emphasis on exploration, could bring a distinct flavour to the franchise. Star Wars Outlaws releases August 30 on PC, Xbox Series S/X and PS5. Players will be granted three days early access starting August 27 with a Ubisoft+ Premium subscription or by preordering the Gold or Ultimate Editions.  Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp Reportedly Begins Rolling Out Ability to Pin Multiple Channels to Beta Testers" ,  WhatsApp is reportedly developing a feature that will let users pin channels for easy access, according to information leaked by a feature tracker. The ability to affix up to two channels at the top of the list was spotted in a beta version of WhatsApp for Android and may not be available to all beta testers. At present, there is no option to pin the favourite channels at the top of the window on the stable version of the instant messaging platform. However, it is claimed that this functionality could arrive with a future WhatsApp for Android update. Pin WhatsApp Channels According to a claim by feature tracker WABetaInfo, the Meta-owned instant messaging service is rolling out the ability to pin up to two channels with WhatsApp beta for Android 2.24.13.3. Once the functionality is enabled, users can touch and hold on to up two channels in the list, then tap the pin icon from the top bar, as visible in the screenshot leaked by WABetaInfo.  Pinning multiple channels on WhatsAppPhoto Credit: WABetaInfo The feature tracker speculates this feature may improve the navigation experience by making sure that the frequently visited channels remain easily accessible. Just like pinned conversations, these channels can be opened without having to scrolling through the entire list. WhatsApp Could Soon Offer More Privacy Control Over Your Status Updates The ability to pin multiple WhatsApp channels is said to be currently available to beta testers who install WhatsApp beta for Android 2.24.13.3 via the Google Play Store beta program. Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to test the feature on the latest beta release, but it could still be rolling out to testers in a phased manner. The update is also expected to bring the ability to select multiple WhatsApp channels for bulk actions, such as pinning them, marking the status as read or muting them. It could be beneficial to those who have subscribed to multiple channels by making it easier to manage them. WhatstApp to Offer Better Privacy Control Over Status Updates The feature tracker previously claimed that WhatsApp for Android may also be testing another feature that promises better privacy control over status updates. It may allow users to quickly select their audience before sharing status updates via a new status privacy confirmation window. WhatsApp Business Users in India Will Soon Get an AI Chatbot Feature


WhatsApp Is Testing a Feature That Lets You Preview Status Updates Users may encounter two options while sharing status updates: All contacts and Specific contacts. It is speculated to also offer the ability to exclude certain people from viewing the status updates. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi 14 Civi With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, Dual Selfie Shooters Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Xiaomi 14 Civi was launched in India on Wednesday (June 12) as the latest entrant in Xiaomi's 14 lineup. The new handset runs on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 mobile platform and boasts Leica-branded 50-megapixel triple rear cameras, identical to other phones in the Xiaomi 14 series. The Xiaomi 14 Civi features a curved AMOLED display with a peak brightness of 3,000 nits. It is backed by a 4,700mAh battery with support for 67W wired fast charging. The handset seems to be a rebrand of the China-exclusive Xiaomi Civi 4 Pro. Xiaomi 14 Civi price in India, availability Price of the Xiaomi 14 Civi has been set at Rs. 42,999 for the 8GB + 256GB variant. The 12GB + 512GB version is priced at Rs. 47,999. It comes in Cruise Blue, Matcha Green and Shadow Black colour options and will be available for purchase via Flipkart, Mi.com, Mi Home stores, and Xiaomi's retail partners starting June 20 at 12:00pm IST. Pre-booking for the phone will start at 2:00pm today and customers pre-reserving the phone can avail the Redmi 3 Active for free of cost. ICICI bank customers can avail Rs. 3,000 discount while making payments through their cards. Further, the Xiaomi 14 Civi comes with three months of YouTube premium subscription and 100GB of Google One for six months. Xiaomi 14 With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC Finally Debuts in India: See Price Xiaomi 14 Civi specifications The dual SIM Xiaomi 14 Civi runs on HyperOS interface based on Android 14 and features a 6.55-inch 1.5K curved AMOLED display with 120Hz refresh rate, 240Hz touch sampling rate, 446ppi pixel density and 3,000 nits peak brightness. The screen supports HDR10+, Dolby Vision, and has Gorilla Glass Victus 2 protection. It runs on a 4nm Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, coupled with up to 12GB of LPDDR5 RAM and up to 512GB of UFS 4.0 storage. It includes an in-house T1 signal enhancement chip for improving download speed and network coverage in crowded places. It offers an IceLoop cooling system that is claimed to perform three times more efficiently than conventional vapour cooling systems. Similar to the Xiaomi 14, the Xiaomi 14 Civi features a triple rear camera unit co-engineered by Leica with a Summilux lens. It comprises a 50-megapixel Light Fusion 800 image sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS), f/1.63 aperture, and 25mm equivalent focal length, a 50-megapixel telephoto camera with 2x zoom, and a 12-megapixel ultra-wide angle shooter with a 120-degree field of view. On the front, it has two 32-megapixel selfie cameras. Connectivity options on the Xiaomi 14 Civi include 5G, Wi-Fi 6, NFC, Bluetooth 5.4, GPS, Galileo, GLONASS, Beidou, NFC, and a USB Type-C port. Sensors on board include an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, e-compass, proximity sensor and IR blaster. It packs stereo speakers with Dolby Atmos support. It has an in-display fingerprint sensor for authentication and supports an AI-backed face unlock system. Xiaomi's Clamshell Foldable Phone May Be Available Globally The Xiaomi 14 Civi features a 4,700mAh battery with support for 67W wired charging. The battery is said to deliver up to 80 percent charge within 30 minutes of charging. The handset measures 157.2x72.77x7.4mm and weighs 177 grams. 




title = "Apple Details Its Private Cloud Compute System, Promises Stateless Computation and Verifiable Transparency" ,  Apple Intelligence took centre stage at this year's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2023, highlighting new artificial intelligence (AI) features that will debut with the upcoming iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS Sequoia. During the event, the tech giant revealed that some of the processing for the AI features will be done on-device and the more complex tasks will be handled by its Private Cloud Compute (PCC) system. Apple has also shared details of its PCC architecture and claimed that there is a heavy focus on data privacy and safety. Apple shares Private Cloud Compute details Craig Federighi, the Senior Vice President of Software Engineering at Apple, said during the event, “Your data is never stored or made accessible to Apple”. While Apple Intelligence has created a sense of curiosity among many users, some have also appeared sceptical of the company's ability to fulfil these claims. Among them was Tesla CEO Elon Musk who posted on X (formerly known as Twitter), “It's patently absurd that Apple isn't smart enough to make their own AI, yet is somehow capable of ensuring that OpenAI will protect your security & privacy!”. Notably, Apple has stated that it is using its in-house AI models for both on-device and server-based computing. Now, Apple has shed more light on how its Private Cloud Compute will function in a blog post. Explaining the data security issues with traditional cloud servers, the tech giant claimed that it is building custom infrastructure with key changes to keep user data secure. There are three important pillars — Stateless computation, Non-targetability, and Verifiable transparency. Apple Reportedly Open to Bringing Google Gemini to Its Devices Private Cloud Compute's Stateless computation Traditionally, cloud servers have a straightforward workflow. Data is pinged to the servers where the cloud computers first log it using the credentials of the user. This enables the servers to ping the information back to the user after running the task. Cloud servers also store some or all of the data to offer it to the user as backup, in case the information is requested again (due to the file being corrupt or accidental deletion). This also helps in cost optimisation as the servers do not have to compute the data again. In contrast, Apple said that its Private Cloud Compute run “stateless data processing” where the user's device sends data to PCC for the sole purpose of fulfilling the user's inference request. It also claimed that the user data remains on the server only till it is returned to the device and “no user data is retained in any form after the response is returned.” The company added that user data is not retained even via logging or for debugging. It also claimed that even Apple staff with privileged runtime access cannot bypass the stateless computation guarantee. All the Apple Intelligence Features Announced at WWDC 2024 Private Cloud Compute's Non-Targetability Cloud servers also face threats externally from hackers and bad actors who try to find vulnerabilities to breach the system. Apple said it has developed two measures to defend user data from attackers. First, the tech giant is using the protections of Apple silicon and other connected hardware to ensure that hardware attacks would be rare. Due to Apple's experience in running cloud operations, it has developed hardware that narrows down the possibility of cyberattacks. Further, it adds that any hardware attack at scale would be both “prohibitively expensive and likely to be discovered.” For small-scale attacks, Apple claims that its extensive revalidation at data centres (once data arrives and before it reaches cloud computers for processing) ensures that hackers cannot target the data of a specific user. iOS 18 With Home Screen Customisation, Improved Privacy Unveiled at WWDC “To guard against smaller, more sophisticated attacks that might otherwise avoid detection, Private Cloud Compute uses an approach we call target diffusion to ensure requests cannot be routed to specific nodes based on the user or their content,” the tech giant added. Private Cloud Compute's Verifiable transparency Finally, Apple is inviting security researchers to verify the end-to-end security and privacy measures of the Private Cloud Compute system. It claimed that once PCC is launched, it will make software images of every production build of the cloud system publicly available for security research. To further aid research, Apple will publish every production Private Cloud Compute software image for binary inspection across the OS, applications, and all other executable nodes. Researchers will be able to verify against the measurements in the transparency log. Researchers will be offered rewards for finding flaws in the system. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "South Korea to Treat Select NFTs as Regular Cryptocurrencies Under Virtual Asset User Protection Act: Report" ,  South Korea is ramping up efforts to formulate rules to oversee the virtual digital assets sector, with the Financial Services Commission (FSC) spearheading the task of drafting these laws. Seoul's new guidelines will result in regulators classify bulk or large scale non-fungible tokens (NFTs) as regular cryptocurrencies, under the Virtual Asset User Protection Act. South Korea could become one of the first countries to clearly define NFT the status of NFTs and their role in the Web3 sector. NFTs are virtual assets that have an underlying value. Supported on blockchain networks, NFTs could be inspired by artworks, game characters, GIFs, as well as video and music content. The purchase of an NFT gives its holder complete ownership rights. Most NFTs are unique, allowing them to retain their value. In Web3 ecosystems such as metaverse-related games, NFTs can be traded and offers holders an immediate liquidity option. South Korea's regulators studied NFTs, before guidelines related to their governance were reportedly issued. “NFTs which are issued in large quantities or in large-scale series or can be exchanged in conjunction with other virtual assets, have a high potential to be considered virtual assets,” South Korean publication Yna.co.kr said in its report. Mudrex Announces Rewards for Crypto Holders via New ‘Earn’ Initiative The guidelines reportedly state that NFTs, when issued in large quantities and with the purpose of being used as a mode of payment – direct or indirect, will be classified as ‘assets'. placing them on par with regular cryptocurrencies. Web3 firms operating with NFTs have been asked to report any suspicious activities to the FSC. South Korea has been researching NFTs since 2021, when it first began to look into bringing NFTs into a tax bracket. Jack Dorsey-Backed Ocean Mining Moves Its Headquarters to El Salvador A year later, NFTs were used as a mean to bring funding to the presidential campaigns in Seoul. Given South Korea's friendly approach towards the digital assets sector, Binance signed an MoU with South Korea's YG Entertainment to collaborate on NFTs and other web3 projects in February 2022. Several research reports, in recent times, have noted that the Asian nations of South Korea, Japan, and India make for a big and lucrative market for metaverse gaming, where NFTs play crucial roles as in-game characters and rewards. The government of South Korea is expected to implement its 'Virtual Asset User Protection Act', aimed at regulating the Web3 industry, by July this year.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra Tipped to Offer ‘More Secure’ PolarID to Compete With Apple's Face ID" ,  Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra will introduce a new facial recognition technology when it is launched by the company, according to a tipster. At present, even flagship Samsung smartphones do not feature a dedicated sensor, compared to Apple's Face ID which is powered by its TrueDepth camera as well as additional sensors. Face ID has remained the gold standard for facial recognition technology on mobile devices for nearly eight years, but that may soon change, with a tipster now claiming that Samsung is working on a Face ID competitor that could arrive on the Galaxy S26 Ultra. Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra or Galaxy S26 Ultra Could Feature PolarID In a post on X (formerly Twitter), tipster Haizaki Ryouhei suggested that Samsung may be developing a new facial recognition technology called PolarID. As per the claims, the technology has reached the premarket stage, meaning it could be ready to be shipped with smartphones. As per the tipster, PolarID does not require dedicated sensors for facial recognition. Instead, it it relies on the Snapdragon chipset, along with the capabilities of Samsung LSI – the division which designs core semiconductors. Furthermore, it would allow Samsung to keep the same hole punch design without needing to add additional sensors. HTC U24 Pro With 50-Megapixel Selfie Camera Debuts at This Price It is impossible for this technology to be used in S25U. It will be in S26U. The reason is that Samsung is slowly innovating to imitate Apple, and to confirm this, they were able to make 50mp 3x in S24U instead of S25U, and it seems that all of this is in order to save money. https://t.co/lyGID3kDqA— Sawyer Galox (@Sawyergalox) June 8, 2024 It is also suggested that the ISOCELL Vizion 931, a global shutter image sensor which offers precise motion tracking, might be production-ready and could be used on the Galaxy S25 Ultra. Ryouhei also claimed that PolarID will be “even more secure” than Face ID, emphasizing that it would be better than other facial recognition technologies around. However, another tipster named Sawyer Galox contradicted these claims, suggesting that the technology isn't ready yet and only the Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra may feature it, which is speculated to launch in early 2026. Apple Bringing a Big Gaming Feature From Mac to iPhone With iOS 18


Realme GT 6 Will Be Equipped With This Snapdragon Chipset in India “The reason is that Samsung is slowly innovating to imitate Apple, and to confirm this, they were able to make 50MP 3x in S24U instead of S25U, and it seems that all of this is in order to save money”, the tipster claimed in an X post. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi 15 Key Specifications Leak; Tipped to Feature Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC" ,  Xiaomi 15 is expected to launch later this year as part of the purported Xiaomi 15 series of smartphones. The handsets are expected to succeed the Xiaomi 14 and Xiaomi 14 Pro, which were first launched in China in October 2023 with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC and were the first phones to launch with Xiaomi's HyperOS skin. The Xiaomi 15 lineup is likely to come with considerable upgrades over the current handsets. A tipster has suggested a few key features that the base Xiaomi 15 may launch with, including, chipset, display and camera specifications among other details. Xiaomi 15 specifications, features (expected) The Xiaomi 15 will be powered by Qualcomm's rumoured flagship Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC, according to a Weibo post by Digital Chat Station. The handset could be one of the first smartphones to launch with the next-generation flagship chipset. It is also expected to sport a flat LTPO display with 1.5K (1,440x2,160 pixels) resolution. For optics, the Xiaomi 15 is said to feature a 50-megapixel 1/1.3-inch primary rear sensor alongside a 50-megapixel sensor paired with an ultra-wide lens, and a 50-megapixel telephoto shooter with up to 3x optical zoom. Xiaomi 15 Pro Could Feature a 1-Inch Primary Camera Sensor The Xiaomi 15 will be equipped with 16GB of RAM and 1TB of onboard storage, according to the tipster. The tipster added that the handset will also come with an ultrasonic under-screen fingerprint sensor, dual stereo speakers, and a responsive motor. In the post, the tipster also mentioned that the Xiaomi 15 could be available in black and white colour options. The phone may be offered in glass or vegan leather finishes. Battery or charging specifications of the smartphone are yet to be leaked. Xiaomi 15, Oppo Find X8, Vivo X200 Launch Timeline, SoC Details Tipped


Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC Could Better Support Graphics-Heavy Games Xiaomi 15 Launch Timeline (Expected) An earlier report suggested that the Xiaomi 15 is likely to launch in October this year. Several competing handsets like the Oppo Find X8 and the Vivo X200 have also been tipped to be unveiled around the same time. The handset is also anticipated to debut in India, just like its predecessor, the Xiaomi 14.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "HTC U24 Pro With Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC, 50-Megapixel Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  HTC U24 Pro has been launched in Taiwan, as the latest U series handset from the company. It runs on a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 chipset with 12GB of RAM and up to 512GB of inbuilt storage. The HTC U24 Pro features a 50-megapixel triple rear camera unit and a 50-megapixel selfie camera. The new handset has a 4,600mAh battery that can be charged at 60W using a charging brick. It also offers support for wireless charging and reverse wireless charging. The latest smartphone from HTC arrives as the successor to last year's HTC U23 Pro. HTC U24 Pro price HTC U24 Pro price starts at TWD 18,990 (roughly Rs. 50,000) for the base 12GB RAM + 256GB storage model. Meanwhile, a 512GB storage variant is priced at TWD 20,990 (roughly Rs. 54,000). It is currently available for purchase in Taiwan in Space Blue and Twilight White colour (translated from Taiwanese) options. There's no mention of the availability of the new phone in other global markets. HTC Wildfire E2 Play With Quad Rear Cameras Goes Official HTC U24 Pro specifications According to the Taiwanese smartphone maker, the HTC U24 Pro runs on Android 14 and has a 6.8-inch full-HD+(1,080x2,436 pixels) OLED screen with 120Hz refresh rate and Gorilla Glass protection. It runs on a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC from Qualcomm with 12GB of LPDDR5 RAM. For optics, the HTC U24 Pro features a triple rear camera unit, comprising a 50-megapixel primary sensor with OIS and EIS support and an f/1.88 aperture. The camera setup includes an 8-megapixel ultra-wide-angle camera and a 50-megapixel telephoto camera with 2x optical zoom. On the front, it features a 50-megapixel selfie camera. The HTC U24 Pro is equipped with up to 512GB of UFS 3.1 onboard storage that is expandable with a microSD card. Connectivity options on the phone include Wi-Fi 6E, Bluetooth 5.3, GPS, A-GPS, BDS, Beidou, Galileo, Glonass, NFC, and a 3.5mm audio jack. It has an IP67-certified build like last year's HTC U23 Pro. Best Smartphones of 2023 The new HTC U24 Pro houses a 4,600mAh battery with 60W wired fast charging, 15W wireless charging and 5W reverse wireless charging support. It measures 167.1 x 74.9 X 8.98mm and weighs 198.7g. 




title = "Crypto Romance Scams Rise in the US, FTC Issues Warning: Details" ,  The United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has identified a rise in romance scams targeting the crypto community in the US. The FTC has clearly asked people to cut off from online love interests who may be discussing investment ideas, especially related to cryptocurrencies and other digital assets, with them. The regulatory trade body has reminded people that nobody can guarantee sure shot profits on crypto investments, given the volatile nature of these assets. This week, the FTC published an official alert addressing the rise in crypto romance scams. In this category of scams, fraudsters get in touch with potential victims through dating apps under the pretence of initiating a romantic relationship. Upon gaining the trust of their targets, these scammers lead their victims into investing in shady or fake crypto assets in the promise of high returns. After getting the required investments, these scammers tend to vanish, leaving their victims high and dry. “No one thinks their online love interest is going to scam them, but scammers are good at what they do. They establish an emotional connection with you so you're more likely to believe that they're an expert in cryptocurrency investing, for example. But that online love interest is a scammer. People have lost tens of thousands ― sometimes millions — of dollars to romance scammers,” the FTC wrote in its official blog post on June 10. Investors Fear Crypto Tax Could Continue as Nirmala Sitharaman Returns as FM As part of these rising crypto scams, the FTC has warned users about being promised no-risk investments and unconventional methods to wire funds online. The financial watchdog has further noted that people should strictly not trust strangers teaching them ways to invest in cryptocurrencies. “If you think someone you met on social media is a scammer, cut off contact. Tell the social media platform, and then tell the FTC,” the blog added. This is not the first time, however, that romance scams have been listed as a dangerous category leading to bulky financial losses. Back in February this year, a 37-year-old Indian woman currently residing in Philadelphia, US, reportedly lost $450,000 (roughly Rs. 3.7 crore) in a cryptocurrency romance scam. Metaverse in Healthcare Market Size to Touch 71.6 Billion by 2030: Report The same month, Australia's National Anti-Scam Centre had reportedly warned the citizens to be extra careful against romance-baiting scams which have resulted in losses of over $40 million (roughly Rs. 335 crore) in 2023. As per the FTC, “This all starts with someone contacting you — seemingly at random — on social media. But they've done their homework, checking out your profile and other information on the platform. They want to help you invest your money in the crypto markets, or they say they can teach you how to do it. You might think they have your financial well-being in mind, but they don't.” In March 2024, the FBI claimed that crypto investment scams rose by 53 percent last year. Many nations around the world are now accelerating efforts to deploy regulations to oversee the crypto sector and spell punishments for criminals making the sector unsafe for innocent investors. The UAE is among the first countries to lay down definitive rules outlining the punishments for crypto scammers, which includes jail time of up to five years along with a fine of AED 1 million (roughly Rs. 2 crore).  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Investors Expect Crypto Tax Could Continue as Nirmala Sitharaman Returns as Finance Minister" ,  India concluded its general elections on June 1, with results last week paving the way for the re-election of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister for a third consecutive term. As part of PM Modi's newly constituted cabinet, Nirmala Sitharaman has been re-assigned to serve as the finance minister of the country after first taking charge of the ministry in 2019. The crypto community of India has expressed mixed reactions to Sitharaman's re-appointment as finance minister. Cryptocurrencies in India have been under Ministry of Finance's scanner. Since 2022, all profits from crypto transactions in India are subject to a taxation of 30 percent, while a 1 percent Tax Deducted at Source (TDS) is applicable on the transfer of Virtual Digital Assets (VDAs). Dilip Chenoy, the chairperson of the Bharat Web3 Association (BWA), congratulated the new government and said that the Web3 advisory group would continue to collaborate with officials to foster Web3 growth. RBI’s CBDC Saw Drop in Wholesale Circulation, Massive Rise in Retail Use “At BWA, we remain committed to collaborating with the government to foster the growth and development of the Web3 sector, with the aim of establishing India as a global hub for Web3. We look forward to our continued engagement and extend our support to the government for the development of forward-looking regulations that promote innovation while prioritizing consumer protection in the ever-evolving Web3 space,” Chenoy wrote on LinkedIn. The Indian crypto circle has been waiting for FM Sitharaman to revise the tax laws imposed over the crypto sector. Despite the outcry, the finance minister did not announce any taxation relief for the crypto sector while presenting the interim annual budget earlier this year. Her re-appointment to the finance minister's position has sparked concerns among India's crypto community, who fear that no tax reforms are in the pipeline for the digital assets industry. Many have taken to social media to express their thoughts on the development. Coinbase, Kraken Join New Industry Group to Combat Web3 Cyber Threats :rotating_light: JUST IN:flag-in: Nirmala Sitharaman remains India's Finance Minister.Changes are uncertain as taxes are 30% with a 1% TDS.Not a good news for Indian crypto traders:sweat:#Financeminister pic.twitter.com/Fwmbra8L7Q— Vishal Techzone (@VishalSahu21) June 10, 2024 Nirmala Sitharaman is once again Finance Minister#Crypto people don't expect anything good now as she did not do in last term.#Disappointed after this news. pic.twitter.com/F1P6M9bx0K— Alok :lion_face: (@alok9811) June 11, 2024 Nirmala Sitharaman has once again become the Finance Minister of India.:one:30% Tax:two:1% TDS:three:No loss set offWe need for crypto industry growth and adoption.:pushpin:TDS should be less:pushpin:Loss set off𝗟𝗶𝗸𝗲 :hearts: & 𝗿𝗲𝘁𝘄𝗲𝗲𝘁 if you want to support.#Reducecryptotax… pic.twitter.com/0FbwJVONzJ— Crypto Aman (@cryptoamanclub) June 11, 2024 FM Sitharaman is expected to present the full budget for the FY 2024-2025 next month. Crypto commentators are expecting the finance minister to reduce the one percent TDS cut on each crypto transaction to 0.01 percent as part of her upcoming budget presentation. In March this year, Sitharaman had said that India was not seeing any cryptocurrency as a ‘currency' option. At the time, Sitharaman had said that “assets created in the name of crypto can be assets for trading, assets for money making and assets for many other things.”  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Brings Game Mode to the iPhone With iOS 18, Announces AAA Games in Development" ,  Apple is bringing a big gaming-dedicated feature to the iPhone which was previously limited to Mac, the company announced on Monday. At the Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) 2024 held at Apple Park, the tech giant previewed iOS 18 – the next operating system for the iPhone. While the keynote had a focus on improvements to phone customisation and the introduction of Apple Intelligence features, the iPhone maker also announced that it will be rolling out Game Mode to the iPhone. Game Mode on iPhone According to Apple, Game Mode on iOS 18 promises to improve the gaming experience, delivering consistent frame rates. This can potentially prove useful during long gaming sessions. It is a dedicated gaming mode which minimises the background activity on the iPhone to make sure the CPU and GPU can deliver “high frame rates for hours of continuous gameplay”, Apple claims. Notably, Game Mode was introduced on Mac during WWDC 2023 in June last year, and it is now coming to the iPhone. Apple says it also reduces audio latency with AirPods, while Bluetooth controllers from the likes of PlayStation and Xbox also benefit from reduced input latency, making them more responsive. According to Apple, “This means consistent performance without lag or slowdowns, no matter how long you play.” AirPods Pro 2 Get New Siri Interactions, Voice Isolation Features On Mac, Game Mode works with existing as well as new games. However, it is yet unclear if it does the same on iPhone. Apple says this feature automatically turns on when a game is started, as opposed to manually toggling it every time. Apple also showcased the addition of Personalised Spatial Audio in Game Mode with iOS 18 for an improved audio experience and demonstrated it while playing Need for Speed Mobile, although this feature is only said to work with AirPods Pro (2nd generation). AAA games on iPhone Alongside the dedicated gaming features, Apple also revealed a list of AAA titles coming to the iPhone in the near future. Resident Evil 7 Biohazard will be the first title arriving for iPhone, iPad, and Mac on July 2. Moreover, Resident Evil 2 is also confirmed to be in development for Apple devices. Siri May Soon Be Able to Control Robot Vacuum Cleaners for You


Apple Adds RCS, Satellite Capabilities in iPhone Messages With iOS 18 While availability on iPhone is unclear, Apple also announced that games such as Sniper Elite 4, Dead Island 2, Control: Ultimate Edition, Frostpunk 2, Valheim, and Palword are also set to arrive on Mac. It is also partnering up with Ubisoft to bring its upcoming action RPG Assassin's Creed: Shadows to the iPad. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Planning AI Integrations With Google Gemini and Other AI Models in the Future: Report" ,  Apple surprised many when it announced the integration of OpenAI's artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot ChatGPT across its upcoming operating systems during the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 keynote session. This is the first time the tech giant has given a third-party systemwide access to its platform. However, this is just the beginning, if a new report is to be believed. The company is reportedly ready to open its platform for further AI integrations with Google's Gemini and other leading AI models. Apple reportedly open for AI integration with Google Gemini According to a report by 9to5Mac, Apple shared its future AI plans in a post-WWDC keynote discussion. During the session that was moderated by YouTuber iJustine, Craig Federighi, Senior Vice President of Software Engineering at Apple hinted that Gemini could also be integrated with Apple platforms in the future. “And so we may look forward to doing integrations with different models like Google Gemini in the future. I mean, nothing to announce right now, but that's our direction,” Federighi was quoted as saying. Siri May Soon Be Able to Control Robot Vacuum Cleaners for You Reportedly, Federighi's mention of Google Gemini was in context to Apple's intentions of bringing multiple AI models to iOS, iPadOS, macOS, and other operating systems. He highlighted that the company wanted to give users a preference in using an AI model of their choosing as different large language models (LLMs) could be adept in different tasks. He also added that the decision to onboard ChatGPT first was taken as the tech giant wanted to “start with the best,” as per the publication. Apple integrates ChatGPT across operating systems During the WWDC 2024 keynote session, Apple announced that it was integrating ChatGPT access within its upcoming operating systems for iPhone, iPad, and Mac devices. The chatbot will bring various AI features across text and images. Siri will also be able to tap into ChatGPT's knowledge base to bring answers to various user queries. However, users will have to opt-in before Siri can share the query and any photo or document with the chatbot. Apple Adds RCS, Satellite Capabilities in iPhone Messages With iOS 18


Apple Vision Pro to Turn Your Photos Into Spatial Photos With visionOS 2 ChatGPT's capabilities will also be available for users via the systemwide Writing Tools. The Compose feature will also allow users to generate images using the chatbot. Notably, Apple is leveraging GPT-4o-powered ChatGPT for its AI features. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Brings Updates to tvOS 18 With InSight, Enhanced Dialogue and More Features" ,  Apple announced several new features for tvOS 18 – the latest operating system for Apple TV devices, at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on Monday. One of the key highlights is a new feature known as InSight, which provides the user with information about the content that is currently being played. In addition to InSight, Apple announced improvements to existing Apple TV features such as a smarter Enhanced Dialogue, automatic subtitles and support for a new aspect ratio. Apple said that new screensavers will also be available to users soon. tvOS 18 Updates At its developer conference, Apple announced InSight – a feature which displays real-time information about the currently playing content, such as the characters, cast and the music playing. To get further information, users can select a specific actor and bring up their background and filmography page, the iPhone maker revealed. Moreover, tvOS 18 is also said to offer the ability to add the currently playing music to the user's Apple Music library. The Cupertino-based tech giant also announced that the InSight information can now be accessed on the iPhone while using it as an Apple TV remote. Stan Ng, Vice President of Apple Watch, Audio, Health, and Home Product Marketing, said, “This fall, tvOS 18 and our services take entertainment in the home to the next level by bringing timely information to fans about their favourite characters and scenes.” With tvOS, the Enhanced Dialogue feature is claimed to have become smarter, leveraging machine learning (ML) and computational audio to provide better vocal clarity. This feature can now be taken advantage of when playing supported content through the TV's in-built speakers, Bluetooth-connected audio devices and AirPods, Apple said. Subtitles are also said to receive improvements, with Apple claiming they now automatically appear in places where the audio does not match the device language. In addition to new screensavers such as films, TV shows, portraits and even Snoopy, Apple is also introducing support for a wider 21:9 aspect ratio for video playback on projectors. Apple also announced updates to the Home interface, with users now able to share control when playing music through HomePod and HomePod mini using SharePlay and Apple Music. Furthermore, Live Captions will be coming to the US and Canada to read what others say during FaceTime calls when using the iPhone as a Continuity Camera on Apple TV. The iPhone maker claims to have also introduced a new look for the Apple Fitness+ app to “help users make the most of its robust library, stay motivated, and keep consistent with their fitness routine.” .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time Remake to Launch in 2026, Ubisoft Announces Free Update for the Lost Crown" ,  Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time remake project finally received a release window confirmation at Ubisoft Forward on Monday. The action-adventure title will launch sometime in 2026. Ubisoft confirmed that Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time remake had successfully completed its pre-production phase and was now entering full production. The announcement follows a troubled development period for the game, which was first announced in 2020. The publisher also provided updates on Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown and the recently released The Rogue Prince of Persia at Ubisoft Forward. Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time remake teaser At Ubisoft Forward, the publisher revealed a new teaser for Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time remake, confirming a 2026 release window. The publisher said the game was now set to enter full production but did not provide any other details. The remake project, first announced at Ubisoft Forward in 2020, has experienced multiple delays over the course of its development. Initially helmed by Ubisoft Pune and Mumbai, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time remake was handed over to Ubisoft Montreal in 2022. Ubisoft Toronto, Ubisoft Bucharest, Ubisoft Pune and E-Studio are now aiding development on the game. The original Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time first released in 2003 on the Game Boy Advance, PS2, GameCube, Xbox and Windows. The game is considered a classic of the action-adventure genre. Assassin's Creed Shadows Gameplay Blends Stealth and Open Combat .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown update Ubisoft also provided other updates on the Prince of Persia franchise, confirming free updates for Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown and The Rogue Prince of Persia. The publisher announced that the “Divine Trials” free update for Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown was now available for all players. The update adds 22 new expert challenges for players to test their mettle. “Players can now access the Hall of Memorials, through a special door located in the Haven, and choose from four sets of challenges. These challenges become progressively more difficult and are designed with unique exotic conditions,” Ubisoft said in a press release. These include platforming challenges, puzzles, combat-based trials and newly reworked boss battles. Trials will be unlocked as players progress and unlock new powers. Those who have already completed the trials will, however, get direct access to all of them at once, in their existing saves, Ubisoft confirmed. Additionally, players who manage to beat the revised boss at the end of each challenge set will be rewarded with four new amulets and outfits. Assassin's Creed Mirage is Now Available on iPhone 15 Pro, M1 iPad Models The publisher also provided a glimpse of the upcoming Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown story DLC "Mask of Darkness", launching on all platforms in September 2024. The Rogue Prince of Persia update The recently released The Rogue Prince of Persia also received its first major title update during the Ubisoft Forward conference. The publisher announced “The Temple of Fire” update for the roguelite platformer, which is still in Early Access. The update adds a new biome, featuring new enemies, traps, and traversal challenges. The update also brings two new mobs, the Shielded Warrior and Duellist, and a new weapon, the Flaming Censers. "This update also introduces the Meta Progression Skill Tree, which allows players to use Spirit Glimmers to unlock persistent improvements,” Ubisoft said. The publisher said that The Temple of Fire update would serve as the first major content addition to the game, with multiple updates in the Early Access phase leading up to the 1.0 launch.  Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "HMD 110, HMD 105 Feature Phones With Inbuilt UPI Support Launched in India: Price, Features" ,  HMD 110 and HMD 105 were announced in India on Tuesday. These are the company's first self-branded feature phones in India. They are offered in multiple colour options and are budget offerings equipped with multimedia features. They are also said to include voice assistance and large displays. The company has also packed built-in UPI apps into these newly launched feature phones. They are claimed to offer a standby battery life of up to 18 days. The HMD 110 handset also has a rear camera unit. HMD 110, HMD 105 price in India, availability The company confirmed that the HMD 110 and the HMD 105 are priced in India at Rs. 1,119 and Rs. 999, respectively. In a press note, the company added that the phones will be available in the country starting June 11 via HMD.com, e-commerce sites, and offline retail stores. The HMD 110 is offered in black and green colour options, while the HMD 105 comes in black, blue and purple shades. Note that the phones were yet to be listed online at the time of writing this. HMD Skyline, HMD Atlas Leaked Design, Price, Features Surface Online HMD 110, HMD 105 specifications, features The HMD 110 and HMD 105 are feature phones that are equipped with tools like a phone talker, auto call recording, and MP3 player. The handsets also come with support for both wired and wireless FM radio. The cheaper HMD 105 model sports dual LED flash units, whereas the HMD 110 carries a rear camera sensor. The details of the camera unit have not yet been revealed. Both phones are also equipped with inbuilt Unified Payments Interface (UPI) applications which are claimed to help users make secure money transactions. HMD Is Reportedly Working on Three Smartphones Including 'Project Fusion'


HMD Tomcat With Nokia Lumia-Like Design Said to Launch in July HMD 110 and HMD 105 are backed by 1,000mAh batteries claimed to offer a standby time of up to 18 days. The handsets support up to nine local languages for inputs and 23 languages for rendering. No other specifications of the phones have been confirmed.   Will the Nothing Phone 2 serve as the successor to the Phone 1, or will the two co-exist? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Announces Gesture-Based Siri Interactions, Voice Isolation Features for AirPods Pro (2nd Generation)" ,  Apple introduced several new improvements for its AirPods lineup during the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 keynote session on Monday. The Cupertino-based tech giant has added new gesture-based controls to interact with Siri, capabilities for head-tracking while playing games, and improved sound during voice calls. These features will be available on specific AirPods. Currently, these features are available to try for Apple Developer Programme members in developer beta. Notably, a previous report claimed that the tech giant is working on a more affordable version of its truly wireless stereo (TWS) earphones that could arrive later this year. AirPods Pro (2nd Generation) get new features While AirPods did not dominate the announcement cycle during the keynote session of the WWDC 2024 event, Apple introduced some major improvements for its TWS devices. The AirPods Pro (2nd Generation), which were launched in September 2023 with the H2 chipset, now get advanced capabilities which will be powered by the Apple silicon. Gesture-based Siri interactions are going to allow users to respond to the virtual assistant without any verbal or tap-based feedback. With this capability, AirPods Pro 2 users can nod to say yes and shake their heads to say no to Siri announcements. Apple says this could be helpful when the user is in a crowded or quiet area and might not want to speak out loud. Apple Adds RCS, Satellite Capabilities in iPhone Messages With iOS 18 Siri Interactions, which are enabled by the H2 chipset, also allow users to answer or dismiss calls, interact with messages, manage notifications, and more via gestures. Another new feature exclusive to AirPods Pro (2nd Generation) is Voice Isolation. This feature is already available on the iPhone, iPad, and Mac, and is now being expanded to the latest AirPods Pro. Voice Isolation improves the voice quality of the speaker and removes background noise to deliver clearer audio quality during calls. The company said it used machine learning via the H2 chipset to bring this feature to the TWS device. AirPods get personalised Spatial audio for gaming Apple is also adding Personalised Spatial Audio to multiple AirPods variants. This feature comes with dynamic head tracking that will be activated when the user is playing a game while using the TWS earphones. While designed for gaming, it will also deliver immersive audio when listening to music, watching movies, and more. Apple Vision Pro to Turn Your Photos Into Spatial Photos With visionOS 2


Apple Unveils watchOS 11 With Vitals App, Activity Rings Customisation AirPods Pro (2nd Generation) users will also be able to use this feature to get improved audio latency when gaming on the iPhone. Further, they will also get 16-bit, 48KHz audio quality when speaking to teammates and other players within a game using its servers. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 6 Confirmed to Get Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC Ahead of June 20 India Launch" ,  Realme GT 6 will launch globally, and in India, on June 20. The handset is said to be a rebadged version of the Realme GT Neo 6, which was introduced in China in May. Ahead of the launch, Realme has confirmed several details of the upcoming handset. The global version of the Realme GT 6 is likely to share similar specifications with the Realme GT Neo 6. A microsite for the phone has also gone live on the Realme website, revealing its colour options. Realme GT 6 specifications The Realme GT 6 is confirmed to be equipped with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset. It is also set pack a 5,500mAh battery with support for 120W wired fast charging. The fast charging technology is claimed to charge the phone from zero to 50 percent in 10 minutes or to 100 percent in 28 minutes. Realme also revealed that the phone will be equipped with a dual VC cooling system, which is said to increase performance efficiency "without overheating, even during intensive gaming sessions." The Realme GT 6 will also feature an ambient light sensor, the press note confirmed. Realme GT 6 Will Arrive With These Three AI-Powered Features at Launch A Realme GT 6 microsite is live on the Realme India website as well as on Flipkart. These pages also list the specifications mentioned above. The Realme India page additionally shows the upcoming handset in two colour options - green and silver. The page also confirms that the phone will offer LPDDR5x RAM and UFS 4.0 onboard storage. Realme GT 6 camera features (expected) Since the Realme GT 6 has been tipped to be a rebadged version of the Realme GT 6 Neo, the phones are expected to offer similar specifications. Therefore, the upcoming smartphone may sport a dual rear camera unit with a 50-megapixel primary sensor with optical image stabilisation and an 8-megapixel ultra-wide angle camera. The front camera of the handset offer a 32-megapixel sensor. Realme GT 6 May Get Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC in China


Realme GT 6 Specifications Leaked via Alleged Retail Box Ahead of Debut The Realme GT 6 will launch in India on June 20.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Home App to Introduce Support for Robot Vacuum Cleaners With iOS 18 Update" ,  Apple Home will gain support for robot vacuum cleaners with the upcoming iOS 18 update, the company announced at its Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 keynote on Monday. The app enables users to control their smart home accessories such as lights and security devices, using a HomePod or Apple TV as a smart hub. When the iOS 18 update arrives, the Cupertino-based tech giant will also introduce a new a guest access feature, granting users temporary access to smart home devices located in a household. Apple Home App Updates At WWDC 2024, Apple announced that it will soon allow users to control their robot vacuum cleaners via the Home app. After the functionality is rolled out later this year, commands may be relayed to the vacuum cleaners via Siri. These include commands to clean floors, change cleaning modes, or check the battery status. The core functionality of robot vacuum cleaners will be supported via the Apple Home app, according to the company. These include managing power controls, setting the cleaning mode, and performing vacuum and mop cleaning, and checking charge status.” Apple Vision Pro to Turn Your Photos Into Spatial Photos With visionOS 2 Guest Access on Apple Home Device owners will be also able to provide guest access to smart home devices to those people who don't visit their homes too often. In addition to that, they can also set schedules for when guests can access their homes with smart home keys utilising the ultra wide-band (UWB) technology, it further added. This functionality will be rolled out when iOS 18 is released to the public, which Apple says will happen in the Fall. As per the previous trends, this might coincide with the launch of the upcoming iPhone 16 series in September. iOS 18 Eligible Devices While iOS 18 is bringing upgrades to existing features in addition to new ones, not all iPhones will be eligible. As per the company, only the iPhone XR and newer models up to the iPhone 15 Pro Max (as of now) will receive the update. This means the iPhone models that received the iOS 17 update last year will also be updated to iOS 18. Apple Unveils watchOS 11 With Vitals App, Activity Rings Customisation


Apple Is Bringing Vision Pro to China, Japan, Singapore and Other Markets However, the newly announced features powered by Apple Intelligence (or artificial intelligence) will only be available on handsets running on the A17 Pro SoC, which means the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max, according to the company. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Brings RCS, Satellite Capabilities to the Messages App for iPhone With iOS 18" ,  Apple unveiled iOS 18, the next generation of its operating system for iPhone, at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on Monday. Among many new features such as Home Screen customisation, Apple Intelligence, and Control Center improvements, the Cupertino-based tech giant also introduced two new features to the Messages app — support for RCS (Rich Communication Services) and new satellite capabilities. While the former was previously announced, satellite capabilities arrive as a way to let iPhone users stay connected with friends and families even in the absence of cellular connectivity. Apple integrates RCS with Messages app For years, Google and Samsung have urged Apple to implement the RCS standard in its messaging platform. RCS, which is backed by the GSM Association, is a messaging system considered to be the successor to SMS. Due to end-to-end encryption, it is more secure than SMS, offers support for high-resolution photos and videos, and shows chat indicators. After not adopting the technology for a long time, the iPhone maker finally announced that it would integrate RCS into iPhone in November 2023. It has now made the announcement concrete by confirming iOS 18 will carry some RCS features.  Apple showcases RCS integration in iPhonePhoto Credit: Apple  However, Apple has not revealed what these features might be. In its press release, there is a single mention of the feature which states, “RCS (Rich Communication Services) messages bring richer media and delivery and read receipts for those who don't use iMessage.” While this confirms read receipts and likely supports high-resolution media sharing, the rest of the features remain unconfirmed. Messages App gets satellite capabilities with iOS 18 Another interesting feature being shipped with iOS 18 is satellite capabilities in the Messages app. It will allow users who do not have cellular reception to send and receive texts, emojis, and Tapbacks over iMessage and SMS. This feature will enable users who travel off-grid to still stay connected with their friends and family. This feature will be available on the iPhone 14 and later once iOS 18 update arrives. Apple Vision Pro to Turn Your Photos Into Spatial Photos With visionOS 2


Apple Unveils watchOS 11 With Vitals App, Activity Rings Customisation


iPadOS 18 Gets Calculator App With Math Notes, Smart Script, and More Apart from these, the Messages app is also getting a new schedule messages feature that will let users send a text at any particular time. New animated message effects and formatting options have also been added with iOS 18. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Mudrex Announces Rewards for Crypto Holders via New ‘Earn’ Initiative: Details" ,  Mudrex, a Web3 firm that offers crypto investment services, announced a new reward initiative for its userbase in India on Tuesday, June 11. Called ‘Earn', this service will let Mudrex users earn up to 10 percent annual income on their crypto holdings without any lock-in period. The crypto community in India is taking gradual steps towards engaging with the sector given the nation's sceptical approach on digital assets. Mudrex's fresh initiative seems to be a move aimed at retaining Indian users on its platform. In the first phase of the roll out of this service, Mudrex has listed 50 cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ether Solana, Cardano, and Polygon -- holding which can earn up to ten percent in rewards for the holders. The reward percentage for holding each of these different cryptocurrencies differ. “To participate in Earn, users need to maintain a minimum balance of the supported coins in their Mudrex wallets. By engaging in a mix of short-term ventures such as margin funding and allocating funds into secure, long-term DeFi protocols, Mudrex attempts a steady flow of fixed annualised returns from minimum 0.023 percent to maximum 10 percent on their investments,” the company said in its statement. RBI’s CBDC Saw Drop in Wholesale Circulation, Massive Rise in Retail Use The crypto community in India has swelled to a userbase of 19 million, a report by CoinSwitch had estimated in December last year. Almost 75 percent of the crypto holders were aged between 18 years to 35 years. Owing to India's crypto tax laws however, the density of India's crypto userbase is prone to seeing highs and lows. In a separate report same month, WazirX claimed that it saw a drop of 90 percent in crypto trading volume as India awaited clarity in regulatory deployments. Crypto incomes in India are taxed at up to 30 percent. The government also charges one percent TDS on each crypto transaction, a rule that has stirred negative sentiments among the investor community ever since it came into existence in 2022. Despite several urges to the finance ministry, these crypto laws remain unchanged in the country. This situation has led to many crypto players in India to come up with special offerings that could keep their users connected to their platforms. Coinbase, Kraken Join New Industry Group to Combat Web3 Cyber Threats For instance, in November 2023, Indian crypto exchange CoinSwitch rolled out its own ‘Earn' feature, in order to let users ‘lock-in' their crypto assets and earn rewards in the form of cryptocurrencies. The platform had said at the time, that this was the exchange's way to let its users monetise their holdings without having to sell. Speaking about Mudrex's decision to launch this initiative, its CEO Edul Patel said, “We aim to empower our users to maximize their crypto earnings by eliminating fees and simplifying the process.” As per the company, the beta stage of the Earn programme has already managed to attract over 5,000 users. “We also plan to expand the range of supported coins, continuously enhancing our platform's value proposition for the users,” Patel added.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Camera Details Leak; Said to Get 50-Megapixel Main Sensor" ,  Samsung Galaxy S24 FE is expected to launch later this year. The phone will be an affordable variant of the Galaxy S24 with slightly watered down specifications and features. It will succeed the Samsung Galaxy S23 FE, which was introduced in October 2023. While Samsung hasn't confirmed the phone yet, there have been several rumours and leaks regarding it. A recent report also hinted at the chipset specifications. Now, a report suggests some camera details about the purported Galaxy S24 Fan Edition. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE specifications, features (expected) The Samsung Galaxy S24 FE could carry a 50-megapixel 1/1.57-inch ISOCELL GN3 sensor with 1.0μm pixels, according to a GalaxyClub report. Notably, this is the same main camera that is featured in the base Samsung Galaxy S24 handset. The report does not include any other details about the anticipated smartphone. A previous report claimed that depending on markets, the Samsung Galaxy S24 FE is likely to be powered by an Exynos 2400 or the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset. It has also been tipped to get a smaller, 6.1-inch AMOLED screen, compared to the 6.4-inch display of the Galaxy S23 FE. The Galaxy S24 FE may also carry a 4,500mAh battery. The phone may be equipped with 12GB of LPDDR5X RAM and up to 256GB of UFS 3.1 onboard storage. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Firmware Details, Model Number Leak Ahead of Debut Recent leaks suggested that the Samsung Galaxy S24 FE will carry the model numbers SM-S721B, SM-S721U, SM-S721W, and SM-S721N, in North America, Korea, Canada, and other countries. The handset is also reportedly codenamed R12. Additionally, a One UI test build for a new smartphone also appeared on Samsung's firmware server with build numbers S721BXXU0AXE, S721BOXM0AXE3, and S721BXXU0AXE3. These firmware versions are said to belong to the Galaxy S24 FE. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE launch (expected) The Samsung Galaxy S24 FE is expected to launch by "late fall" this year. No other details about the handset are known as of now. Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Said to Be in Development, May Launch This Year


Samsung Galaxy S24 FE Key Specifications Leaked Online Notably, the company is expected to launch the next generation of foldable smartphones - Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6, at an upcoming Galaxy Unpacked launch event, which is rumoured to take place in July.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Acer ALG Gaming Laptop With 12th Gen Intel Core i5 CPU, Nvidia GeForce RTX 3050 Launched in India" ,  Acer ALG Gaming Laptop was launched in India on Tuesday as the latest gamer focused laptop from the company. It is powered by a 12th generation Intel Core i5 processor paired with up to 16GB of DDR4 RAM and up to Nvidia GeForce RTX 3050 GPU with 6GB of DDR6 memory, and up to 512GB of SSD storage. The new ALG gaming laptop from Acer features a 15.6-inch full-HD display with a 144Hz refresh rate and is equipped with a full-size keyboard. Acer ALG Gaming Laptop Price in India, Availability Acer ALG Gaming Laptop price in India starts at Rs. 56,990 and the laptop is available in a single Steel Gray colourway. It will be available for purchase in India via the company's e-store and Amazon. It will also be sold via Acer Exclusive Stores and other retail outlets in the country, according to the company. Acer ALG Gaming Laptop Specifications The newly launched Acer ALG Gaming Laptop runs on Windows 11 Home out-of-the-box and is powered by a 12th generation Intel Core i5-12450H CPU with up to 16GB of DDR4 RAM. It is also equipped with an Nvidia RTX 3050 GPU with 6GB DDR6 video memory. It sports a 15.6-inch full-HD (1,920x1,080 pixels) IPS display with a 144Hz refresh rate. Samsung Launches AI-Powered Versions of These Monitor Models in India You get up to 512GB of NVMe SSD storage on the Acer ALG Gaming Laptop, which can be expanded up to 2TB via a dual M.2 slot. It is equipped with two USB 3.2 Type-C ports, one USB 2.0 Type-A port, and a USB 3.2 Type-A port, an Ethernet port, as well as an HDMI port. Connectivity options on the laptop include Wi-Fi 6 and Bluetooth 5.1, according to the company. Asus ROG Zephyrus G16 (2024) Gets AI Features with AMD Ryzen AI 9 Chip


Intel Details Lunar Lake CPU Architecture, Shares AI Strategy


Asus Introduces AI-Powered Copilot+ PCs Lineup At Computex 2024 Acer has equipped the ALG Gaming Laptop with a 4-cell 54Whr Li-ion battery with support for charging at 120W. It has a 1-megapixel webcam and features an inbuilt microphone. The laptop measures 48.1 x 32.4 x 9.2 cm and weighs 1.99kg. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Assassin's Creed Shadows Gameplay, Dual Protagonists Detailed at Ubisoft Forward" ,  Assassin's Creed Shadows received a 13-minute gameplay deep dive at Ubisoft Forward on Monday, detailing its dual protagonists and their distinct playstyles. The gameplay walkthrough, which included both open combat and stealth sections, showed the two protagonists, Naoe and Yasuke, working in tandem through a mission in the castle town of Fukuchiyama in Japan's Tamba Province. The gameplay also provided a glimpse of bustling towns and villages we can expect in the game. Assassin's Creed Shadows gameplay details The walkthrough began with Yasuke, the hulking, armoured samurai, who rides into Fukuchiyama, on the trail of a corrupted daimyo. The intimidating samurai walks through town and encounters a group of samurai harassing villagers. We see Yasuke dispatch his foes with brutal efficiency. Using his club and sword, he crushes and cuts the other samurais down. Yasuke's abilities are focussed on head-on combat, and it seems he can easily take on multiple enemies at once. While he's not nimble, his brute strength batters everything that's in his path. Yasuke's combat abilities continue the action-RPG ethos of recent Assassin's Creed games like Assassin's Creed Valhalla. Assassin's Creed Shadows Fully Revealed With Cinematic Trailer: Watch  Yasuke takes enemies head-onPhoto Credit: Ubisoft Assassin's Creed Shadows dual protagonists To address the concerns of loyal fans, however, Ubisoft is also emphasising stealth and assassinations in Assassin's Creed Shadows. This is achieved via the second protagonist, Naoe, a shinobi who works from the shadows and utilises nimble parkour mechanics and stealth-focussed tools to reach her targets. While the two protagonists can be swapped at will while free roaming, the game will let us choose between the two during certain mission sections, which will decide if we confront enemies directly or take the stealthier route. In the gameplay demo, we see the shinobi infiltrate the Fukuchiyama castle and utilise her grappling hook, kunai and her custom Hidden Blade to sneak in and assassinate the daimyo.  Naoe's abilities are stealth-focussedPhoto Credit: Ubisoft The stealth gameplay in Shadows is reminiscent of older Assassin's Creed titles and the more recent Assassin's Creed Mirage. With dual protagonists offering distinct playstyles, the next title in the stealth-action franchise seems to be taking a best-of-both-worlds approach to please both loyal AC fans and the audience that prefers the action-RPG elements of recent games in the series. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Assassin's Creed Shadows is set in 16th-century feudal Japan and allows players to explore an expansive open world with diverse environments and changing seasons. The game will release November 15 on PC (via Ubisoft Store and the Epic Games Store), PS5 and Xbox Series S/X. It will also launch on Mac computers with Apple silicon via the Mac App Store.  Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp for Android Reportedly Testing New Feature That Offers Better Privacy Control Over Status Updates" ,  WhatsApp for Android appears to be testing a new feature that allows users to control privacy settings for status updates, according to details shared by a feature tracker. The feature, known as status privacy confirmation, is being tested in a beta version of the app for the Android platform. As per the report, it may allow users to quickly select their audience before sharing status updates. This development comes amidst another report that suggests WhatsApp may also be testing a new layout for the status updates page. Status Privacy confirmation on WhatsApp According to WhatsApp beta feature tracker WABetaInfo, the instant messaging platform's new status privacy confirmation feature is rolling out on WhatsApp beta for Android 2.24.12.27. As per the report, users may see a new window, enabling them to select the contacts with whom they wish to share their status updates. Gadgets 360 was able to verify the availability of this feature in another version of WhatsApp beta for Android. It is claimed to be currently available to beta testers who install WhatsApp beta through the Google Play Store beta program. Those who do not have access to it yet may get it over the coming days, it is speculated. WhatsApp Business Users in India Will Soon Get an AI Chatbot Feature  Privacy confirmation feature on WhatsApp The screenshot shows that users now have two options while sharing status updates: All contacts and Specific contacts. The former option also lets them exclude certain contacts from viewing status updates, without having to change settings individually. The feature tracker speculates this move may offer users more control over the privacy around status updates. DuckDuckGo Rolls Out AI Chat for Anonymous Conversations With AI Models Notably, this feature was reportedly available on WhatsApp for iOS and was introduced with app version 24.10.10.75 via the TestFlight beta program, the feature tracker claims. New layout for Status updates The rollout of a new UI layout for the status updates page was also reported recently. It is said to be introduced with WhatsApp beta for Android 2.24.12.20. A new and larger thumbnail for status updates has been introduced, replacing the existing smaller circular window, as per the claims. Google’s NotebookLM Rolls Out in India, Gets Gemini 1.5 Pro Upgrade Users may be able to get a glimpse of the status update from this thumbnail without having to open them, it is speculated. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "VisionOS 2 to Introduce Spatial Photo Conversion, New Hand Gestures, More on Apple Vision Pro" ,  VisionOS 2 was unveiled by Apple during the keynote session of its Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 event. The company is introducing multiple new changes to the operating system's interface, and adding new features and hand gestures. With the upcoming software update, users will also be able to convert any regular photos in the Photos app to 3D-enabled Spatial photos. Additionally, the Cupertino-based tech giant is also adding a Home Screen customisation feature for Apple Vision Pro. The developer beta of the visionOS 2 has been made available. visionOS 2 can convert regular photos to Spatial photos Spatial photos are an Apple Vision Pro-exclusive feature that allow users to see photos in 3D, with added depth perception. Earlier, only photos that were captured on Apple devices as spatial photos would show this effect. But now, with visionOS 2, users can convert any image in the Photos app to a spatial photo. These images can also be shared with others with SharePlay in the Photos app or via spatial Persona. The company is also adding an update to Final Cut Pro to let creators edit spatial videos on Mac devices to add immersive effects. Users will also be able to share spatial videos using the Vimeo app for Vision Pro. Apple Unveils watchOS 11 With Vitals App, Activity Rings Customisation visionOS 2 brings new hand gestures To help Vision Pro users quickly navigate to Home View and Control Center, Apple has introduced two new hand gestures with visionOS 2. A simple tapping of the index finger and the thumb will summon the Home View, whereas rolling the wrist from a supine to a prone position will show the time. Tapping fingers in this position will take the user to the Control Center. There are gestures to check the battery level and adjust the volume as well. visionOS 2 gets larger Mac virtual display With the software update, Vision Pro users will get a larger Mac Virtual Display when the device is connected to a Mac. Currently, the headset conjures up a single 5K resolution display, but the company claims that with visionOS 2, users will see an ultra-wide display equivalent to two 4K monitors side by side. Additionally, the Vision Pro will now support mouse connectivity instead of just trackpads and will show a physical Magic Keyboard while in a virtual environment. Apple Is Bringing Vision Pro to China, Japan, Singapore and Other Markets visionOS 2 Home Screen customisation Many users had complained about the inability to rearrange the apps on the Home Screen. Apple is addressing that with visionOS 2 as users will now be able to place app icons, including the iPhone and iPad apps, wherever they want. Further, users will now be able to share their Vision Pro device with a family member, friend, or colleague by adding them as a Guest User and having their eye and hand data saved for 30 days. iPadOS 18 Gets Calculator App With Math Notes, Smart Script, and More Other notable features in visionOS 2 Users can now watch web videos on websites such as YouTube, Netflix, and Amazon while using Safari. Apple TV will offer multiview support to Apple Vision Pro with up to five simultaneous streams playing together. The Mindfulness app gets a new Follow Your Breathing feature that shows animations and plays sound to mimic the user's breathing patterns. Systemwide Live Captions are coming to the wearable device. With AirPlay, users can view content from iPhone, iPad, or Mac on Vision Pro. Notably, the developer beta version of the visionOS 2 is currently available to eligible members of the Apple Developer Program. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "watchOS 11 With Vitals App, Activity Rings Customisation and Live Activities Unveiled" ,  Apple unveiled watchOS 11 on Monday at WWDC 2024, the company's annual Worldwide Developers Conference. The upcoming software update for eligible Apple Watch models will arrive later this year, with a new Vitals app, the ability to understand workout strain, and better support during pregnancy. Customisation on Apple Watch will also get an upgrade, as the Photos watch face adds support for automatic composition using machine learning. Check In and Translate will also be supported on watchOS 11, along with other AI powered features like summarised notifications that require an iPhone 15 Pro or iPhone 15 Pro Max. watchOS 11 to Introduce New Vitals App At its WWDC 2024 keynote, Apple announced that it will introduce a new app called Vitals that is designed to analyse health metrics collected by the wearable including breathing, hearth rate, sleep duration, and blood oxygen saturation (SpO2) levels, on compatible Apple Watch models. The Vitals app will also notify users when two or more metrics are beyond the typical range recorded by the smartwatch, according to the company. Appe Announces Training Load Feature for Workouts Users who track their workouts using an Apple Watch will be able to take advantage of a new feature called Training Load that shows insights related to workout-induced strain over the past week, compared to the last month (28 days). The company says that users will be able provide information in the form of an "effort rating" after each workout. An algorithm will automatically estimate the effort rating for some cardio-based workouts but ones that are related to strength training will need manual input. iOS 18 With Home Screen Customisation, Improved Privacy Unveiled at WWDC watchOS 11 Will Also Add Fitness Ring Customisation Apple also announced that Fitness rings on the Apple Watch will be customisable on the wearable, allowing users to "pause" them and take a day, week, or month off training without affecting their award streaks. Similarly, Apple Watch Activity ring goals can also be customised based on the day of the week, according to the iPhone maker. Safety and Personalisation Features on watchOS 11 Check In, a feature introduced on the Messages app with iOS 17, will be added to the Workout app on watchOS 11, allowing users to share their progress with friends or family until their workout ends. Another app coming to watchOS 11 is the Translate app from iOS, which allows users to get translations for 20 languages using their watch. watchOS 11 will also bring improved personalisation to the Apple Watch, in the form of an improved Photos watch face. The company states that its wearables will use machine learning to identify the best images and composition to create a sense of depth with the time, along with a Dynamic mode that automatically switches to a new photo and layout when a user raises their wrist. Apple Unveils macOS 15 With Support for iPhone Mirroring, Passwords App Live Activities and Smart Stack Improvements Users will also have access to new widgets on the Apple Watch with the upcoming watchOS 11 update, while Live Activities for apps like Uber will also be supported. added to Meanwhile, the Smart Stack feature is being upgraded with the ability to display widgets automatically, depending on a user's location, the time, their routine, and other factors. All the Apple Intelligence Features Announced at WWDC 2024 watchOS 11 Compatible Models According to Apple, the watchOS 11 update will be available to download later this year, on recent Apple Watch models. The company says that users with an Apple Watch Series 6 and an iPhone XS or newer models will be able to update to watchOS 11 after the smartphone has been updated to iOS 18. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "HMD Skyline With Nokia Lumia 920-Like Design Leaks; Price, Features Surface Online Alongside HMD Atlas" ,  HMD introduced its self-branded Pulse series of smartphones earlier this year in April. The company is expected to launch several more self-branded handsets later this year. Online leaks and reports have suggested design, features and moniker details about the purported phones. The pricing and specifications of two such rumoured handsets have now surfaced online. A tipster has leaked the probable design of the phones, one of which is shown to sport a Nokia Lumia 920-like design. HMD Skyline design (expected) The HMD Skyline is shown in a yellow colour option with a boxy design in a leaked render shared by X user HMD_MEME'S (@smashx_60). It is seen with thick bezels and sharp edges, which are reminiscent of the Nokia Lumia 920. The leaked image shows a centred hole-punch display on the handset, as well as an in-display fingerprint sensor. HMD Skyline price, features (expected) HMD Skyline could launch in July this year at a price of EUR 520 (roughly Rs. 46,800) for the 8GB+ 256GB variant, according to a 91Mobiles report. HMD Tomcat With Nokia Lumia-Like Design Said to Launch in July The report adds that the HMD Skyline is likely to sport a full-HD+ OLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate. It could be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC and pack a  4,900mAh battery with 33W fast charging support. The handset may also feature an IP67 rating for dust and splash resistance. For optics, the phone may get a 108-megapixel main rear camera accompanied by an ultra-wide lens as well as a macro or depth sensor. HMD Atlas price, features (expected) HMD could also launch another phone soon, called the Atlas. It could be marked at $239.99 for the 8GB + 128GB option, according to an HMD_MEME'S (@smashx_60) post. The phone is tipped to get a 6.64-inch 120Hz full-HD+ display, a Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 SoC, and a 5,500mAh battery with Quick Charge 4.0 support. HMD Tomcat With Nokia Lumia-Like Design Said to Launch in July


HMD Bringing Its First Smartphone to India Soon; Name Revealed In the camera department, the HMD Atlas could feature a 48-megapixel primary rear sensor alongside a 5-megapixel ultra-wide shooter and a depth sensor. The front camera, placed within a centred hole-punch slot is expected to hold a 16-megapixel sensor. The phone is seen in an Olive Green shade and it is likely to offer 5G, NFC, a microSD card slot, and a 3.5mm headphone port.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Crypto Price Today: Bitcoin Fails to See Notable Gains, Most Altcoins Hit by Losses" ,  The crypto market is undergoing a phase of volatility, with most altcoins undergoing price correction. Bitcoin on Tuesday, June 11 recorded a loss of up to 1.95 percent on both, national as well as international exchanges. On Indian exchanges like CoinSwitch and WazirX, Bitcoin is hovering around the price point of $72,653 (roughly Rs. 60.6 lakh). Meanwhile, the asset is trading at $68,049 (roughly Rs. 56.8 lakh) on foreign platforms like CoinMarketCap. Majority other cryptocurrencies have tailed behind Bitcoin on the loss-making side of the crypto chart on Tuesday. Ether recorded a loss of under one percent in the last 24 hours. At the time of writing, Ether is trading at $3,233 (roughly Rs. 2.70 lakh) on Indian exchanges whereas its price on international exchanges stands at $3,560 (roughly Rs. 2.97 percent). “The recent dip in prices has sparked buying activity mainly from institutional investors as digital asset prepares for their next bull run. The regulatory developments and positive macroeconomic factors may lead to greater momentum in the second half of 2024,” Shivam Thakral, CEO of BuyUcoin told Gadgets360. “The Bitcoin-led investment activity added over $1.97 billion (roughly Rs. 16,448 crore) in inflows while Ethereum witnessed its best performance since March by adding almost $70 million (roughly Rs. 584 crore) in inflows as per the data from Coinshares.” RBI’s CBDC Saw Drop in Wholesale Circulation, Massive Rise in Retail Use Tether, Solana, Ripple, Dogecoin, Cardano, and Shiba Inu recorded losses alongside Bitcoin and Ether. These were joined by Avalanche, Polkadot, Chainlink, Near Protocol, Polygon, and Cosmos. The overall crypto market cap dropped by 2.36 percent in the last 24 hours. With this, the sector valuation is currently at $2.49 trillion (roughly Rs. 2,07,90,379 crore), data by CoinMarketCap showed on Tuesday. Why Hong Kong's SFC Will Audit Compliance of Crypto Firms After June 1 Only a handful of cryptocurrencies managed to see gains. These included Binance Coin, USD Coin, Tron, Leo, and Iota. “The broader altcoin market is displaying a downward trend. The recently launched memecoin NOT suffered the most with it being 14 percent down as people booked profits out of the TON's top memecoin. Another famous memecoin, PEPE was down nine percent as well with 24 hours overall crypto market liquidations reaching more than $150 million (roughly Rs. 1252. crore) as per data from Coinglass,” CoinSwitch Markets Desk told Gadgets360.  Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Vision Pro Will Be Available in China and Other International Markets Starting June 28" ,  Apple Vision Pro will be available for purchase in China, France and other international markets soon, the company announced at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on Monday. Apple's first-ever spatial computer was first introduced at WWDC 2023 and was made available for purchase six months later, but its sale was initially limited to the US market only. However, Apple says it is now bringing the Vision Pro to other international markets starting June 28. China, Japan, and Singapore will be among the first new nations to have it in stores. Apple Vision Pro availability expanded Apple Vision Pro pre-orders in China, Hong Kong, Japan, and Singapore will go live on Friday, June 14 at 6am local time, the company announced during the event. The headset will start shipping on June 28. Meanwhile, customers in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, and the UK can pre-order the mixed-reality headset at 5am local time starting June 28, with availability beginning July 12. Making the announcement, Tim Cook, CEO, Apple said, “The enthusiasm for Apple Vision Pro has been extraordinary, and we are thrilled to introduce the magic of spatial computing to more customers around the world.” Apple Vision Pro price Notably, Apple Vision Pro starts at $3,499 (roughly Rs. 2,90,000) in the US and is available for purchase in three storage variants: 256GB, 512GB and 1TB. Furthermore, users can choose to buy additional Zeiss Optical Inserts which are priced at $99 (roughly Rs. 8,000) for reader lenses and $149 (roughly Rs. 12,000) for prescription lenses. Prospective buyers purchasing the Vision Pro can book a 30-minute demo session at their local Apple store, as per Apple. This involves scanning the face using Face ID, trying out different loops and light seals to ensure it sits on the face perfectly without any discomfort, and adjusting to lens inserts. They also get a brief demonstration of visionOS, the operating system powering the headset and its capabilities. The demo also enables the buyer to get used to the basic functions of the Vision Pro and the eye movements, gestures and voice commands required to navigate through the UI, Apple claims. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Unveils iPadOS 18 With AI-Powered Calculator App and Math Notes, Smart Script in Notes" ,  Apple announced several new features, artificial intelligence (AI) integration, and the launch of a new app for iPadOS 18 during the keynote session of its Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024. More than 14 years after the launch of the first iPad, the Cupertino-based tech giant is finally launching a built-in Calculator app with an AI-powered Math Notes feature. The operating system will also get the ChatGPT-powered Siri, Apple Intelligence features, and Home Screen and app icon customisation. A developer beta of iPadOS 18 has been made available by the company. iPadOS 18 gets a Calculator app The iPad will finally get a built-in Calculator app with iPadOS 18. The app features the same design elements as its iOS counterpart and can similarly be used as both basic and scientific calculators and for unit conversions. The larger display on the device will allow more buttons and functionalities to show up simultaneously. There is a History option that allows users to check previous calculations as well.  iPadOS 18 Calculator appPhoto Credit: Apple  But this is not the main highlight of the app. A new Math Notes calculator has also been added to the Notes app that allows users to type or write out mathematical expressions. Once the user puts an equal sign next to the expression, it will be solved in the user's handwriting in real-time. Math Notes can also solve variables-based questions and show graphs for the results. Multiple equations can be added to the same graph to see their relation to each other. iPadOS 18 brings new features to Notes app The Notes app has also received some upgrades. Content can now be organised by collapsing sections under headings and subheadings. Five new text highlight colours have also been added.  iPadOS 18 Notes app featuresPhoto Credit: Apple  Apple has added a new Apple Pencil-driven feature dubbed Smart Script that will help users who take handwritten notes. The feature uses intelligence to improve the legibility of the written text without taking away the look and feel of the user's handwriting. It also allows users to edit handwritten text similar to typed text. Meanwhile, typed text can also be pasted in the same handwritten style. iPadOS 18 customisation features Just like iOS 18, iPad users will also be able to customise their Home Screen and app icons with the upcoming software update. App icons and widgets can now be placed in any position, as Apple is ditching its grid format. App icons can also be customised to appear in dark, light, or with a tint. Further, icon size can be increased and users can also remove the names for an aesthetic appearance.  iPadOS 18 Home Screen customisationPhoto Credit: Apple  The Control Center is also getting a redesign. Now users will find different stacks of settings tools in the Control Center. Users will find a set of controls for media playback, Home controls, and connectivity. One can swipe between these controls to reach their desired space. Apple is also asking developers of the new Controls API to create more such controls for users. Other iPadOS 18 features A new redesigned tab has been added to help show the favourite tabs. It morphs into the sidebar to help users get a fluid view. Users can reorder or add tabs from the sidebar. Photos app will now automatically organise libraries. A new carousel view will show users the highlights in different libraries. New text formatting tools are coming to the Messages app including animated texts. Users will also be able to schedule messages. Safari browser gets a Reader view that will allow users to get to the crux of the information instantly. iPad users will also be able to lock and hide apps. Apple Intelligence features such as systemwide Writing Tools, image capabilities, the AI-integrated Siri, and ChatGPT integration will also be available with iPadOS 18. A Passwords app will be added to save and track login credentials. SharePlay will offer remote access and the ability to draw on the screen. The Calendar app will show both events and tasks from Reminders. iPadOS 18 availability and device compatibility The developer beta of iPadOS 18 is currently available through the Apple Developer Program. The global stable version of iPadOS 18 is expected in September or October this year. The following iPad models are confirmed to receive the iPadOS 18 update: All the Apple Intelligence Features Announced at WWDC 2024


Apple Unveils macOS 15 With Support for iPhone Mirroring, Passwords App


iOS 18 With Home Screen Customisation, Improved Privacy Unveiled at WWDC iPad Pro (M4) iPad Pro 12.9-inch (3rd generation and later) iPad Pro 11-inch (1st generation and later) iPad Air (M2) iPad Air (3rd generation and later) iPad (7th generation and later) iPad mini (5th generation and later) Notably, the Apple Intelligence features will only be available on iPad with M1 and later with Siri and the device language set to US English. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Pixel Watch 3 Design Renders Surface Online, Suggests Thicker Build" ,  Google Pixel Watch 3 is expected to launch later this year as a successor to the Pixel Watch 2, which was introduced in October 2023. The purported smartwatch has previously tipped to come in two size options and feature a buttonless design. The Pixel Watch and Watch 2 were only launched in a single case and display size. A new report has now leaked design renders of the Pixel Watch 3 hinting at its dimensions. The leak also suggests the battery details of Google's upcoming smartwatch. Google Pixel Watch 3 design (expected) As per the leaked renders, the Google Pixel Watch 3 will likely sport a circular display with thick bezels, similar to the preceding Pixel Watch 2. The 91Mobiles report, in collaboration with tipster Onleaks, also shared a 360-degree video.  Google Pixel Watch 3 leaked design rendersPhoto Credit: 91Mobiles/ Onleaks  The purported Google Pixel Watch 3 is seen with a rotating crown on the side and has been tipped to sport a 1.2-inch display. The leaked design render of the smartwatch is seen running WearOS. The back of the watch body appears to be similar to the Pixel Watch 2 and is seen housing an array of sensors for health tracking. Pixel Watch 2 introduced a larger and more accurate health tracking sensor array last year. Pixel Watch 3 Will Come in 45mm Size, Pixel Buds Pro 2 in the Works: Report Google Pixel Watch 3 features (expected) The Google Pixel Watch 3 is expected to measure 40.79 x 40.73 x 14mm in size, according to the report. This is slightly thicker than the Pixel Watch 2, which measures 41 x 41 x 12.3mm in size. This increase in thickness could mean that the next-generation Google smartwatch packs a slightly larger battery. DEKRA and Safety Korea site listings had suggested that the Pixel Watch 3 could carry a 307mAh battery, slightly larger than the 304mAh cell on the Pixel Watch 2. Apart from a regular 41mm model, the Pixel Watch 3 is also expected to be available in a 45mm case size. The smartwatch may also come with a buttonless design with gesture sensors, where users can tap, long press, pinch and swipe for different functions. The Pixel Watch and Watch 2 came with a second button apart from the rotatable crown. As per rumours, this may be absent in the upcoming watch. However, we'd suggest you take everything with a pinch of salt until Google officially announces the Pixel Watch 3. Google Pixel Watch 3 to Be Available in Two Different Sizes: Report


Google Pixel Watch 3 Could Ditch All Buttons, Suggests Patent   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts.   (Disclaimer: New Delhi Television is a subsidiary of AMG Media Networks Limited, an Adani Group Company.) Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Intelligence, AI-Powered Siri, and ChatGPT Integration: Every AI Announcement Made At WWDC 2024" ,  Apple made several major artificial intelligence (AI) announcements during the keynote session of its annual developer-focused event, the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024, on Monday. The event was kick-started by CEO Tim Cook, who highlighted that “intelligence” updates would be announced towards the end of the event. The AI segment began with Cook name-dropping Apple Intelligence, which appears to be the Cupertino-based tech giant's version of integrating generative AI into its devices. Apple Intelligence Highlighting the five pillars of Apple Intelligence — powerful, integrated, intuitive, personal, and private — the company unveiled new generative AI-powered Writing Tools that can summarise content and rewrite text across apps devices. The company is also adding image-generating capabilities to its devices which will be triggered in apps such as Messages, Keynote, Freeform, and Pages. Users will not be able to create realistic images but they can generate artistic images in different styles. These images will be generated on the basis of the photos in the user's gallery. Explaining the privacy focus of Apple Intelligence, the company promises “on-device intelligence”, which is just on-device processing using the device's chipset. Claiming large AI models will require more computing power, the company also unveiled Private Cloud Compute, Apple's encrypted cloud solution to balance privacy while offering powerful AI features. Apple Intelligence-Powered Siri Gets New Capabilities Siri, as previously reported, is getting a major AI overhaul. The core of the upgrade is contextual understanding. The virtual assistant can now understand natural language and vaguely spoken sentences to find the underlying meaning behind them. Additionally, the AI-powered Siri will also be integrated with various native Apple apps. Through this integration, Siri will be able to take action within the apps via verbal prompts. For example, Siri can open a photo in edit mode and can add brightness and contrast when prompted to “make the image glow”.  Siri gets new Apple Intelligence capabilitiesPhoto Credit: Apple  Apple says Siri will be able to understand things and get things done which it never did before. In a demo, Siri takes the prompt “When will my mom's plane land” and cross-checks the flight information from an email to provide the answer. Siri's new design and capabilities will be available across iPhone, iPad, and Mac devices. In-App Apple Intelligence Features The Memories feature in the Photos app is now enhanced by Apple Intelligence. The AI capability will automatically pick out the best photos and videos based on the description and craft a storyline. A new Clean Up tool has also been added to Photos app that can remove unwanted objects in the background of the photo without altering the subject. This is similar to the Magic Eraser in Google Pixel devices and Object Eraser in Galaxy AI.  New Writing Tools for Mail appPhoto Credit: Apple  Another app to be getting Apple Intelligence capabilities is the Mail app. It will feature several Writing Tools including Rewrite which is allow users to rephrase their messages in different tonalities such as friendly, professionals, and concise. Users can also rewrite it into different styles by using manual prompts as well. Another Writing Tool, Proofread will check for grammar, word choice, and sentence structure in drafted emails. Summarise is another tool that brings out the key points from long emails. Smart Replies has also been introduced. The Messages app is also getting new Apple Intelligence features. Users will be able to create custom emojis, dubbed Genmojis, by typing a text prompt in the Messages app. The AI will generate various iterations of the described emoji and users can pick one from them. ChatGPT Comes to Apple Devices Expanding its AI ecosystem to third-party tools, Apple announced integration with OpenAI's ChatGPT. Free users will be able to use ChatGPT without requiring them to log in or without the information leaving the device. Paid users will be able to connect their accounts to the platform. It will also be usable across Apple devices.  ChatGPT integration with Apple devicesPhoto Credit: Apple  ChatGPT will be integrated within Siri and the systemwide Writing Tools across Apple's platforms. It will also power the image and document processing capabilities of app-integrated tools. In essence, the GPT AI models will be providing their multimodal LLM capabilities for most of the AI features announced under Apple Intelligence. Apple Unveils macOS 15 With Support for iPhone Mirroring, Passwords App


iOS 18 With Home Screen Customisation, Improved Privacy Unveiled at WWDC


Microsoft’s AI-Powered Recall Gets These New Security Features Apple Intelligence will run on Apple silicon and its Neural Engine. These AI features will be available in beta on the iPhone 15 Pro, iPhone 15 Pro Max, and iPad and MAc with M1 and later. In beta, Siri's capabilities will be available when device language is set to US English, as part of iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS Sequoia later this year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "WWDC 2024: Apple Unveils macOS Sequoia With Support for iPhone Mirroring, Passwords App" ,  Apple unveiled macOS Sequoia as the latest version of its desktop operating system for Mac computers, at WWDC 2024 on Monday. The update to macOS Sonoma will be rolled out to eligible Mac models later this year with support for new features including iPhone Mirroring, a dedicated Passwords app that works on the company's devices as well as Windows computers. Meanwhile, Apple's Safari browser is gaining the ability to automatically summarise web pages, using machine learning technology. The macOS 15 update will roll out to eligible Mac computers later this year. macOS Sequoia to Introduce iPhone Mirroring With macOS Sequoia, Apple is adding support for iPhone Mirroring, which will allow users to access their smartphone wirelessly, directly from the computer's screen. The feature will work even when the smartphone is away, and while the screen is locked, according to the company. Apple also says that notifications from an iPhone will be mirrored onto macOS Sequoia, and users can interact with them to open the app and interact with it without picking up their smartphone.  Apple Intelligence on macOS Sequoia will only be available on Apple Silicon MacsPhoto Credit: Apple  New Apple Intelligence-Powered Features Coming to macOS Sequoia Apple Intelligence, the company's on-device artificial intelligence system powered by the Neural Engine, will also enable new features on compatible Mac computers later this year. This includes a more powerful Siri that can take actions inside apps, proofreading and rewriting for text in supported apps, and image generation via Image Playground. Apple's Photos app is also getting AI upgrades, including the ability to generate videos from photos with prompts. iOS 18 With Home Screen Customisation, Improved Privacy Unveiled at WWDC macOS Sequoia Will Finally Introduce Window Tiling Support The upcoming macOS Sequoia update will finally render third party window tiling managers like Magnet and BetterSnapTool obsolete with native support for the same functionality, nearly 25 years after the release of the first version of Apple's desktop operating system. Meanwhile, the Messages app will add support for emoji and sticker Tapback reactions, just like on iOS 18. Photos App Improvements on macOS Sequoia Apple is also upgrading the Photos app on macOS Sequoia with support for displaying Collections based on specific themes, while allowing users to access improved search results — including content inside videos. The Apple Notes app will also transcribe audio and summarise notes using Apple Intelligence. All the Apple Intelligence Features Announced at WWDC 2024 The company has also announced many new features enabled by Apple Intelligence — such as Image Playground, text proofreading and rephrasing, and summary generation — that will be available only on Mac models that are running on Apple Silicon. This limits support to computers with M1, M2, or M3 chips. Both on-device Apple Intelligence and the Private Cloud Compute feature are designed to protect user privacy while enabling AI features on the eligible devices, according to the company. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iOS 18 With Home Screen Customisation, Improved Privacy Controls Unveiled at WWDC 2024" ,  iOS 18 was unveiled at Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) event on Monday, along with several new features and capabilities with artificial intelligence, as well as Home Screen customisation options. The latest version of iOS will add support for vastly improved control centre options along with support for controls from third party apps, according to the company. iOS 18 also takes advantage of Apple's processors to deliver new features that will be available on eligible iPhone models later this year, when the iOS 18 update rolls out. Improved Privacy Features on iOS 18 Apple is also improving privacy features on iOS 18 including the ability to control how data is shared with apps. With iOS 18, users will be able to share specific contacts with apps instead of providing access to their entire contact list. Meanwhile, users will also be able to lock certain apps from their home screen, preventing unauthorised users to access these apps without biometric authentication or the device's passcode.  iOS 18 will introduce Home Screen customisation along with Messages and Photos upgradesPhoto Credit: Apple  Siri to Get Apple Intelligence Upgrades Siri is getting an upgrade with iOS 18 to make the assistant more conversational, alongside a new interface and app icon. Apple says the virtual assistant will allow users to Type to Siri alongside using voice commands, depending on where they are. Siri is also set to get On-Screen Awareness features powered by Apple Intelligence, the company's privacy focussed artificial intelligence (AI) system that will be rolled out later this year. Apple Intelligence will be available in beta form in English (US) and only on two smartphones — the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max. Apple Unveils macOS 15 With Support for iPhone Mirroring, Passwords App RCS Support and Message App Improvements on iOS 18 The Messages app will gain support for new features with iOS 18, including support for RCS messaging, text formatting, and using emoji in Tapback responses. Users with an iPhone 14 and newer models in supported regions will also be able to use satellite connectivity to send texts and emoji via the Messages app. Incoming support for RCS messaging means texting between iPhone and Android smartphones will finally be on par with iMessage — at least in terms of image quality and group chats. Text formatting is already available in rival messaging apps, and will allow users to send messages with four different formatting styles. iOS 18 to Introduce Control Center Improvements According to the company, iOS 18 will also introduce support for third party controls in the Control Center, while users will be able to swipe across pages to see more controls and toggles. A controls gallery will also showcase all the available controls available, including those from installed third party apps, and users can select custom layouts for these toggles on iOS 18. All the Apple Intelligence Features Announced at WWDC 2024 Other customisation options coming to iOS 18 include the ability to pick custom lock screen shortcuts or remove them. The shortcuts will also include options from the aforementioned control gallery, according to Apple. Apple's Dedicated Passwords App Apple is also introducing a new Passwords app on iOS 18 that will also be available on iPadOS 18, macOS Sequoia and visionOS 2, as well as Windows computers. This app will allow users to see their passwords and edit them, view verification codes, and see weak passwords or those spotted in data leaks. iOS 18 Compatible iPhone Models iOS 18 will be compatible with the iPhone XR and newer models, up to the iPhone 15 Pro Max, which means the same models that supported the company's current generation iOS 17 smartphone OS will be able to update to the upcoming version later this year. Just like previous versions, certain iOS 18 features won't be visible on older models, according to the company. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "CMF Phone 1 Box Price in India Leaked Ahead of Launch This Year: Details" ,  CMF Phone 1 price in India was leaked on a social media platform by a tipster on Monday (June 10). As per the claims the smartphone's box price is speculated to be around the Rs. 20,000 mark. The upcoming smartphone by Nothing's sub-brand CMF was officially confirmed by the company on June 6, however, the launch date was not revealed. This development comes amidst another leak which hinted at information about the smartphone's chipset as well as expandable storage. CMF Phone 1 Box Price Leak According to a post on X (formerly Twitter) by tipster Yogesh Brar, the box price of the base variant of the CMF Phone 1 may be Rs. 19,999. However, another report speculates that the actual price may be slightly less than the one allegedly mentioned on the box. Without discounts, it may reportedly be sold at Rs. 18,000, while discounts could take its price to as low as Rs. 17,000. If the rumours come to fruition, it would make the CMF Phone 1 the cheapest smartphone offered in India by the Carl Pei-led startup, undercutting the Nothing Phone 2a by about Rs. 4,000. CMF Phone 1 Tipped to Feature This Dimensity Chipset: See Concept Image A microsite for the impending launch of the smartphone is already live on Flipkart, although it does not delve into any specifics, such as its features or pricing. CMF Phone 1 Specifications (Expected) According to tipster Gadget Bits on X, the CMF Phone 1 is expected to be powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 7300 SoC – an octa-core processor comprising four cores clocked at 2.5GHz and another four clocked at 2.0GHz. Tipster Technerd_9 claims it may be offered in two UFS 2.2 storage variants: 128GB and 256GB. It is also speculated to feature a 6.7-inch OLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate. In terms of optics, the handset is tipped to feature a dual camera system with a 50-megapixel primary camera and a 50-megapixel ultra-wide shooter. It may also have a 50-megapixel selfie camera on the front. CMF Phone 1 Launch Confirmed; Rear Panel Teased Ahead of Debut


Nothing Phone 3 to Skip 2024 Launch to Integrate AI Experiences As per the leaks, the CMF Phone 1 may be backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for up to 33W wired fast charging. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi 15 Pro Camera Specifications Leaked, Tipped to Sport a 1-Inch Primary Sensor" ,  Xiaomi 15 Pro, which is expected to be part of the company's Xiaomi 15 series, could feature a 1-inch sensor for its primary camera. A tipster has revealed the details of the rear camera setup of the smartphone, highlighting that the Chinese smartphone brand might make some big changes to the sensors when it launches the successor to the Xiaomi 14 series later this year. Apart from the cameras, the Xiaomi 15 Pro is also reported to be the first phone to be equipped with the yet-to-be-released Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipsets. Xiaomi 15 Pro Camera Specifications Leaked According to a post on Weibo by tipster Experience More, the Xiaomi 15 Pro could feature a triple rear camera setup like its predecessor, but the sensors might get an upgrade. The tipster claims that the primary shooter could be a 50-megapixel OV50K with a 1-inch sensor.  Xiaomi 15 Pro camera details tippedPhoto Credit: Weibo/Experience More The OmniVision sensor has not yet been officially launched but is rumoured to be an upgrade over the existing OV50H, which features in the iQOO 12 series and Motorola Edge 50 Ultra. Notably, the Xiaomi 13 Pro came with a 1-inch sensor, but with its successor, the smartphone maker ditched it in favour of a Light Hunter 900 sensor with a custom Leica Summilux lens. Xiaomi 15 Pro's telephoto lens is also tipped to get an upgrade. As per the tipster, it could sport a 50-megapixel Sony IMX882 sensor, replacing the Samsung ISOCELL JN1. In the post, the source claims that the Sony sensor's resolution is slightly under par, but in terms of power consumption and technical specifications, it offers good value. The post also added that the overall performance will be dependent on the aperture size, which is currently not known. While no details are known about the ultra-wide-angle camera's sensor, it is also said to be a 50-megapixel shooter. Xiaomi 15 Series Specifications (Leaked) Previously, a report claimed that the Xiaomi 15 series could be the first smartphone to feature Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset. The Chinese smartphone maker is said to have "exclusive first launch rights" for the chipset and might showcase it with the flagship series. Other phones that could be launched with the same chipset right afterwards are said to be the Oppo Find X8 and Vivo X200. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra With AI Features to Launch in India on This Date


CMF Phone 1 Tipped to Feature This Dimensity Chipset: See Concept Image


Apple Could Bring These AI Features to Siri at WWDC 2024 Separately, another report claims that the Xiaomi 15 series could get an in-display ultrasonic sensor which will be an upgrade over the existing Xiaomi 14 series' optical fingerprint sensor and offer more security. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro Leak Hints at an AirPods Pro-Like Design Element" ,  Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro may sport a stem, hinting at a design similar to Apple's AirPods Pro, according to a leak. The TWS earbuds will reportedly debut alongside the toned-down Galaxy Buds 3 at Samsung's Galaxy Unpacked event, which will likely take place in July. The Galaxy Buds 3 Pro is also speculated to support a suite of artificial intelligence (AI) features, in line with Samsung's vision of Galaxy AI. This new design change is expected to offer an advantage in terms of call quality, it is claimed. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro Design Change According to seasoned tipster Evan Blass, the new Galaxy Buds 3 Pro may feature a big change in terms of its design. It may incorporate stems – a design element which Samsung has excluded from its flagship TWS earphones so far. A pixelated image shared by the tipster hints at a short stem similar to the AirPods Pro, as well as a more compact upper part of the earbud. While details remain unclear, it also suggests the presence of a mesh on the back of the earbud, which could potentially help equilibrate the pressure inside the ear. This could prove to be useful especially when Active Noise Cancellation (ANC) is turned on. Samsung Galaxy Watch FE Price, Colour Options Leaked Online It is still speculated to feature an in-ear design with silicone ear tips, as per the leaked image. Other Features Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro is expected to arrive in July as a successor to the Galaxy Buds 2 Pro which launched in 2022. According to an Android Headlines report, both the Galaxy Buds 3 and Buds 3 Pro will feature “Ultra High-Quality Sound”, 24-bit/96kHz. However, what is reportedly expected to make the Buds 3 Pro stand out is its two-way speaker design. It is also reported to get Adaptive Noise Control, ANC and an ambient sound feature. The flagship Samsung TWS will also get a feature called Blade Lights, although how it might work is yet to be revealed. The Buds 3 Pro is also claimed to have support for 360 Audio and SmartThings Find – Samsung's app which lets users locate lost or stolen items. Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra US Variant Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website


Samsung Launches AI-Powered Versions of These Monitor Models in India Both TWS earbuds may have an IP57 rating for dust and water ingress protection, and support Bluetooth 5.4. While the Galaxy Buds 3 Pro is speculated to have a battery life of seven hours with ANC turned on, the standard version may offer up to six hours of playback on a single charge. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "TCS Launches Generative AI Aggregation Platform WisdomNext for Businesses" ,  TCS (Tata Consultancy Services), the multinational IT services firm, has launched WisdomNext, a generative artificial intelligence (AI) aggregation platform for enterprises. The IT giant's latest AI platform is designed to let businesses run experimentations on various generative AI platforms used to help in better adoption, cost optimisation, and expanding the usage of Large Language Models (LLMs). The company highlights that the platform will help break the hurdles that stop businesses from leveraging AI at scale. Notably, the platform has been released under the TCS AI.Cloud business unit. TCS introduces WisdomNext AI platform In a newsroom post, TCS cited its AI for Business study and stated that while business executives have a positive outlook towards generative AI solutions, many lack certainty in terms of building a roadmap for its effective adoption. It added that the WisdomNext platform is aimed to solve this challenge for enterprises by offering a way to run experiments with open-source AI models and getting real-time assessments and suggestions on how to make it more efficient. With the WisdomNext platform, clients of TCS will be able to conduct real-time experiments across vendor-based platforms, internal, as well as open-source LLMs to find what suits them the best. The AI aggregation platform will not only help businesses choose the right AI models but also help simplify the design of business solutions using AI tools. Further, to lower costs, it also lets clients reuse pre-existing components, the IT giant stated. Coming to the features, the WisdomNext aggregation platform comes with intelligent evaluator bots. The company claims it can enable businesses to compare all the generative AI models and related technologies they use and offer actionable insights to make operations more efficient. The platform's native analytics will also offer cost optimisation suggestions. It will also offer best practices to ensure compliance with local regulations using in-built guardrails for centralised governance. TCS also claimed that the platform offers a personalised experience to businesses and offers portability across cloud platforms and generative AI ecosystems. Computex 2024: Acer Launches Chromebook Plus Spin, TravelMate Laptop Models


Canva Revamps Its Platform, Unveils Canva Enterprise for Businesses


OpenAI CEO Sam Altman is Pitching ChatGPT Enterprise to Large Firms TCS' latest offering is part of the company's AI.Cloud business unit. Before its launch, the company tested WisdomNext with several clients. Without naming the businesses, it claimed the AI aggregation platform helped a US-based advertising company build a system to fast-track sales with real-time inventory availability and quote generation with map integration. It also claimed to improve the productivity and efficiency of a US-based insurance provider and enhance customer experience through a smart mortgage assistant for a UK bank. The TCS AI WisdomNext is available to businesses globally. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Motorola Edge 50 Ultra India Launch Date Set for June 18; Key Specifications Revealed" ,  Motorola Edge 50 Ultra is set to launch in India soon, the company has officially confirmed. The smartphone is expected to debut as the top-end model in the flagship series which comprises Edge 50 Pro and the recently launched Edge 50 Fusion. Ahead of its official launch, key specifications of the handset have also been revealed via a microsite on Flipkart and it is confirmed to have artificial intelligence (AI) features. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra India Launch Date, Key Specifications In an post on X (formerly known as Twitter), Motorola India announced that its upcoming smartphone will launch in the country on June 18. Meanwhile, a microsite for the Motorola Edge 50 Ultra launch in India has also been created on Flipkart. As per the microsite, the smartphone will feature a 6.7-inch pOLED display with a 1.5K resolution and 144Hz refresh rate. The screen is claimed to have a peak brightness of 2500 nits and 100 percent DCI-P3 colour gamut coverage. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra India Launch Confirmed As per Motorola, the Edge 50 Ultra will be equipped with an in-display fingerprint scanner and have Gorilla Glass Victus protection. It is also confirmed to have an IP68 dust and water resistance rating. The handset is confirmed to run on a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset and will support Moto AI – the company's suite of artificial intelligence (AI) features, including Magic Canvas which lets users generate AI images based on text prompts. The Motorola Edge 50 Ultra will have 12GB of RAM and 512GB of inbuilt storage, compared to the 16GB RAM available on the global variant. Motorola says it will come with three years of assured OS upgrades and up to four years of security updates. CMF Phone 1 Tipped to Feature This Dimensity Chipset: See Concept Image The phone will support up to 125W wired and 50W wireless fast charging. Additionally, the smartphone will offer 10W wireless power sharing, allowing users to charge other devices such as smartwatches and TWS earbuds. Motorola says the Edge 50 Ultra will also come equipped with the Smart Connect feature which lets users stream apps to their PCs, copy/paste text and images and share data between devices, and enable the phone to be used as a webcam. It is confirmed to feature a triple rear camera setup with a 50-megapixel primary camera with OIS, a 50-megapixel ultra-wide camera and a 64-megapixel telephoto camera with 3x optical zoom. On the front, it will sport a 50-megapixel selfie shooter. The camera system is touted to have AI features such as AI adaptive stabilisation and 100x AI super zoom. Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro Specifications and Design Leaked Ahead of Debut Motorola Edge 50 Ultra Price in India Motorola has not officially revealed the Edge 50 Ultra price in India. Notably, its global counterpart is priced at EUR 999 (roughly Rs. 89,000). It is confirmed to be available in three colourways: Pantone-validated Peach Fuzz, Forest Grey (with a silicone vegan leather back panel), and a wood finish. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Everything Announced at Xbox Games Showcase: Gears of War: E-Day, Doom: The Dark Ages, Perfect Dark, More" ,  Microsoft came out with a packed Xbox Games Showcase 2024 on Sunday, bringing new reveals and updates on games from its first-party studios and third-party partners. The Xbox parent showed off games from Activision, Bethesda, Blizzard, Xbox Game Studios and more. The showcase kicked off with a new campaign trailer for Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 and concluded with a reveal for the next Gears of War title. Already announced titles like State of Decay 3, Indiana Jones and the Great Circle, Perfect Dark, Avowed and South of Midnight also received new trailers. The Xbox Games Showcase aired two days after the Summer Game Fest and just a week after Sony held its State of Play live stream. In addition to first-party games, the showcase also featured trailers from third-party titles like Assassin's Creed Shadows, Metal Gear Solid Δ: Snake Eater, Dragon Age: The Veilguard and more. Microsoft also unveiled three new Xbox Series S/X variants, including an all-digital Xbox Series X. The Xbox Games showcase was also followed by a Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 Direct presentation. Here's everything that was announced at the Xbox Games Showcase: Gears of War: E-Day The rumours came out to be true as Microsoft revealed the next Gears of War at the Xbox Games Showcase. Gears of War: E-Day, the next mainline game in the series, will be set 14 years before the original Gears of War, during Emergence Day. The game received a cinematic trailer, featuring in-game assets, and a new instrumental version of Gary Jules' ‘Mad World,' evoking the iconic 2006 Gears of War commercial. There's no release window details available yet, but don't expect E-Day to launch anytime soon. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Doom: The Dark Ages Perhaps the highlight of the showcase was the reveal for the next mainline game in the Doom series. Doom: The Dark Ages takes a medieval approach to monster killing, putting the Doom Slayer in a dark fantasy setting. The epic trailer showed brutal moves, an insane skull-feeding gun and a bladed Shield Saw that flies off to cut down demons and returns to your hands like Thor's hammer. The Doom Slayer will also be able to utilise his Atlan mech against colossal demons and fly around on a cybernetic war dragon. Doom: The Dark Ages will arrive on Xbox Series S/X, PC and PS5 in 2025, with day-one release on Game Pass. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Perfect Dark Perfect Dark received a first-look gameplay trailer at the Xbox Games Showcase, featuring first-person combat and parkour. Developed by The Initiative and Crystal Dynamics and published by Xbox Game Studios, Perfect Dark reboot was first teased officially at The Game Awards 2020. The new trailer showcases the game's Cairo setting and its protagonist, Joanna Dark. The gameplay features close-quarters hand-to-hand combat, gunplay, stealth, and smooth parkour traversal. Perfect Dark does not have a confirmed release date yet. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  South of Midnight Compulsion Games' South of Midnight, which was first revealed at the Xbox Games Showcase in 2023, received a new trailer, showcasing third-person action-adventure gameplay. South of Midnight features a distinct art style and fantasy elements. The trailer showed off the protagonist, Hazel, and her companion Catfish as they travel through a flooded wilderness and encounter magical beasts. Hazel can use her magic weaving powers in both combat and traversal. The game will be available on Xbox Series S/X and PC in 2025. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  State of Decay 3 State of Decay 3 debuted a new trailer at the Xbox Games Showcase. The open-world zombie survival title will serve as a sequel to 2018's State of Decay 2. Set years into the zombie apocalypse, the game tasks you with fighting the undead and reclaiming lost territories. There's no official release date or window for State of Decay 3 yet. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 While the next Call of Duty received a dedicated Direct presentation after the Xbox Games Showcase, Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 was shown off with a campaign trailer at the showcase. Developed by Treyarch and Raven Software, Black Ops 6 is set in the early 1990s and will weave a thrilling story of espionage. The trailer brings back familiar characters, blockbuster action and tight gunplay. The first-person shooter will arrive on PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One and Xbox Series S/X on October 25, with day-one release on Game Pass. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Avowed Obsidian Entertainment's Avowed received a new story trailer at the Xbox Games Showcase. The action-RPG, played from the first-person perspective, focusses on melee and magic combat. The game will be released on PC and Xbox Series S/X in 2024. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Indiana Jones and the Great Circle The Xbox Showcase featured a new trailer for MachineGames' Indiana Jones and the Great Circle, showing off new gameplay and story section from the game, featuring Indy chasing a mysterious artefact in the Himalayas. The game will arrive on PC and Xbox Series S/X later this year. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Here's everything else that was announced or received an update at the Xbox Games Showcase: Age of Mythology: Retold (PC, Xbox Series S/X - Releasing September 4, pre-orders now live) Fable (PC, Xbox Series S/X - 2025) Microsoft Flight Simulator 2024 (PC, Xbox Series S/X - Releasing November 19) Assassin's Creed Shadows' gameplay reveal (PC, Xbox Series S/X, PS5 - Releasing November 15) Atomfall (PC, Xbox One, Xbox Series S/X, PS4, PS5 - 2025) Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 (PC, Xbox Series S/X, PS5) Dragon Age: The Veilguard (PC, Xbox Series S/X, PS5 - Fall 2024) Flintlock: The Siege of Dawn (PC, Xbox Series S/X, PS5 - Releasing July 18) FragPunk (PC, Xbox Series S/X - 2025) Life Is Strange: Double Exposure (PC, Xbox Series S/X, PS5 - Releasing October 29) Mecha Break (PC, Xbox Series S/X, PS5 - 2025) Metal Gear Solid Δ: Snake Eater gameplay (PC, Xbox Series S/X, PS5 - 2024) Mixtape (PC, Xbox Series S/X, PS5 - 2025) S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2: Heart of Chornobyl (PC, Xbox Series S/X - Releasing September 5) Winter Burrow (PC, Xbox One, Xbox Series S/X - Early 2025) Wuchang: Fallen Feathers (PC, Xbox Series S/X, PS5 - 2025) Diablo IV: Vessel of Hatred expansion (PC, Xbox One, Xbox Series S/X, PS4, PS5 - Releasing October 8) Fallout 76 Skyline Valley expansion (PC, Xbox One, Xbox Series S/X, PS4, PS5 - Releasing June 6) Starfield Shattered Space expansion (PC, Xbox Series S/X - 2024) World of Warcraft: The War Within expansion, PC - Releasing August 26)  Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Watch FE Price, Colour Options Listed on Amazon Ahead of Debut" ,  Samsung Galaxy Watch FE, the rumoured upcoming smartwatch by the tech giant, could be launched at the next Galaxy Unpacked event. The price of the wearable device has now been spotted on an ecommerce website, along with potential colour options. As per previous reports, the Galaxy Watch FE could be unveiled alongside the Galaxy Watch 7 series, as an affordable smartwatch model. It is also said to be a refreshed version of the Galaxy Watch 4, which was launched in August 2021. Samsung Galaxy Watch FE Price, Colour Options Leaked According to a report by YTECHB, the upcoming smartwatch was briefly listed on the Amazon Italy website. Different product pages of the Samsung Galaxy Watch FE suggest that it will make its debut in three colour options — Black, Pink Gold, and Silver.  Samsung Galaxy Watch FE spotted on Amazon ItalyPhoto Credit: YTECHB  The pages also listed the Galaxy Watch FE price at EUR 199 (roughly Rs. 17,900). The Galaxy Watch FE will only be available in a single 40mm variant, as per the report. Notably, the Galaxy Watch 6 40mm variant was launched in India at Rs. 29,999. Samsung Galaxy Watch FE Specifications (Rumoured) While Samsung is tight-lipped about the development of an affordable Galaxy Watch, various reports have revealed some of its specifications. The Galaxy Watch FE could sport a 1.2-inch Super AMOLED screen with a 396x396p resolution. The upcoming wearable is said to be equipped with the tech giant's in-house Exynos W920 chipset paired with 1.5GB of RAM and 16GB of inbuilt storage. The smartwatch might run on Wear OS-based One UI Watch 5 out-of-the-box. Claimed to be a refreshed version of the Galaxy Watch 4 launched in 2021, it is reported to carry a 247mAh battery that can offer a battery life of up to 30 hours. It is also said to feature an aluminium chassis and get an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance. For connectivity, it could reportedly get Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5, NFC, and GPS options. Samsung Launches AI-Powered Versions of These Monitor Models in India


Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra US Variant Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website


Samsung Galaxy A16, Galaxy A06 Price Range, Launch Timeline Tipped The Galaxy Watch FE is also said to feature an accelerometer, barometer, gyroscope, and geomagnetic sensors. Notably, none of the information has come from Samsung, and the official price and specifications will only be known once the tech giant unveils the device. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "CMF Phone 1 Key Specifications Including Chipset Details Leaked Alongside Concept Image" ,  CMF Phone 1 specifications have been leaked ahead of its debut, and the upcoming smartphone will be powered by a MediaTek Dimensity chipset under the hood, according to a tipster. Last week, CMF officially confirmed that it would launch the CMF Phone 1 as the first-ever smartphone from the Nothing sub brand. While no specifications were revealed by the company, details about the processor powering the handset, as well as information regarding its storage and GPU specifications have leaked online. CMF Phone 1 Specifications (Rumoured) In a post on X (formerly Twitter), tipster Gadget Bits claims that the CMF Phone 1 will be powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 7300 SoC. This octa-core chipset comprises four cores clocked at 2.5GHz and another four clocked at 2.0GHz. As per the tipster, the CMF Phone 1 may also be equipped with a MicroSD card slot. The tipster also shared a concept image of the smartphone created by X user Rahul Janardhanan. The image suggests the presence of a dual rear camera system that is vertically aligned, just like the Nothing Phone 2. CMF Phone 1 Launch Confirmed; Rear Panel Teased Ahead of Debut  CMF Phone 1 concept imagePhoto Credit: X/Rahul Janardhanan On the bottom, it may sport a small wheel similar to the CMF Buds. However, the semi-transparent design, which has become synonymous with the brand, appears to be missing, along with the Glpyh Interface. The image also has a screw-like element on the same panel as the power button, but it is currently unclear whether the phone will feature a removable back panel. Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro Specifications and Design Leaked Ahead of Debut Previously Leaked CMF Phone 1 Specifications According to tipster Technerd_9, the CMF Phone 1 will feature a 6.7-inch OLED display with a refresh rate of 120Hz and uniform but thick bezels. The smartphone is also tipped to have a polycarbonate back panel. In terms of storage, the tipster claims CMF Phone 1 could come in two variants: 128GB and 256GB, with UFS 2.2 storage. Apple's WWDC 2024 Keynote Event Time, Complete Schedule: How to Watch It may be backed by a 5,000mAh battery with support for up to 33W wired fast charging, as per the claims. The tipster also suggests it could have a dual camera setup at the back comprising a 50-megapixel primary camera and a 50-megapixel ultra-wide sensor. On the front, it is speculated to feature a 16-megapixel selfie shooter. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Patent Application Describes Dual-Axis Hinge Mechanism That Could Arrive on Apple's Smartglasses" ,  Apple's purported smart glasses could be several years away, but the company appears to be working on hardware that could feature on its next-gen wearables. According to a patent application published by the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), Apple has designed a hinge mechanism that could be a part of the company's rumoured augmented reality (AR) glasses. Earlier this year, Apple launched the Vision Pro in the US as its first wearable spatial computer, and future models are expected to resemble regular spectacles. Apple Patent Application for Dual-Axis Hinge Mechanism In the patent application that was published by the US Patent Office last week, Apple explains the use of a dual-axis hinge on a pair of glasses. The document describes the ability of the hinge to be used to open the arm in three states — open (nominal), folded, and hyperextended.  Figures depicting the dual-axis hinge on smart glassesPhoto Credit: US Patent Office/ Apple  Apple says that a hinge with "multiple axes of rotation of different parts" would allow the AR glasses' arm to move between different stable positions. The hinge design would also allow the smart glasses to "apply a clamping force to a wide array of heads". Apple's AR Glasses Will Launch Three Years From Now; Roadmap Leaked Another benefit of using the dual-axis hinge mechanism is the ability to equip the hinge with a cable that would connect components in the arm and the frame of the smart glasses. The redesigned hinge will also let the components remain safe, according to the company's patent document. Apple 'Eyewear' References in Patent Application The patent document contains multiple references to 'eyewear', which suggests that the company is developing the technology to eventually launch its own pair of smart glasses. Previous reports have attempted to predict the change from a mixed reality headset (the Apple Vision Pro) to something more streamlined. Apple Mulls AirPods With Camera, Smart Glasses to Compete With Meta: Report


How Apple's Future AirPods Models May Let You Measure Brain Activity Last month, it was reported that the iPhone maker plans to launch a foldable iPhone and AR glasses in 2026 and 2027, respectively. Apple isn't the only company reportedly working on smart glasses. Asus, Meta, Samsung, and Lenovo are some of the firm's rivals that are also working on similar technology. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Could Reportedly Announce Major AI Upgrades for Siri at WWDC 2024" ,  Apple's native virtual assistant Siri has been reported to be the central piece of the company's artificial intelligence (AI) strategy that could be unveiled during the keynote session of its Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) event on Monday. Previously, it was said that the focus of Siri would be to make it smarter and more efficient at handling complex tasks. Now, a report has highlighted all the new AI features the virtual assistant might get. Notably, Siri might be able to control several native Apple apps and take actions based on verbal commands by the user. Siri to get new AI capabilities According to a report by AppleInsider, one of the major focus areas for the Cupertino-based tech giant is to make Siri understand commands the way people normally speak. Citing people familiar with Apple's AI initiative, the report claimed that the virtual assistant is being trained on a variety of prompts which are not direct and rely on contextual understanding. For instance, instead of asking Siri to “show pictures of my dog”, saying something like “I'm feeling nostalgic” or “I want to make a blog”, will also prompt it to show the pictures and ask for further instructions. However, this is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the full list of AI features, according to the publication. Several native Apple apps are also said to be upgraded to allow Siri to perform various tasks within them. As per the report, these apps will be Books, Calendar, Camera, Contacts, Files, Freeform, Generative Playground (internal), Keynote, Mail, Magnifier, News, Notes, Photos, Reminders, Safari, Stocks, System Settings, and Voice Memos. Apple’s Mail App Could Get Smart Replies to Help You Send Emails Quickly Siri's AI features in Apple Books With the AI upgrade, Siri will reportedly be able to execute several new tasks within the Books app. The virtual assistant is said to be able to open a specific book or its section with just a voice prompt. It could also open “The Book I last read”, change book themes, flip pages, pause audiobooks, and more. Reportedly, users will also be able to search for specific categories in the Book Store and show finished books, downloaded books, and PDF documents when prompted to. Siri's AI features in Camera and Mail apps Using the Camera app could also be easier with Siri's reported new AI capabilities. The assistant might be able to change photography modes, add a timer and even flip to the front-facing or rear camera. It is unclear whether it can also click a picture when prompted, which can help users click a group photo. Last week, a report highlighted that Siri might get a Smart Replies feature that will enable users to quickly reply to emails. In addition, the new report claims Siri will also be able to schedule email replies, forward emails, undo send, save and delete email drafts, block email senders, mark email as junk, unsubscribe from newsletters, summarise an email or a thread, as well as mute and delete emails. Apple Will Reportedly Unveil These AI Features at WWDC 2024 Siri's AI features in Keynote and Photos app The Keynote app is the go-to presentation platform for many Apple device users. With enhancements to Siri, users will reportedly be able to automate certain tasks. The virtual assistant is said to be able to add images, image galleries, audio, video, text boxes, or comments to slides with simple voice prompts. Siri is also reported to show a specific slide, add a theme to a new presentation, create slides, play and stop a presentation, show Activity Stream, add videos from YouTube, as well as manage various text formatting options. Coming to the Photos app, the report claims that Siri will be able to open photos involving specific people or pets, search for objects in photos, add photos to albums, duplicate, rotate, and move photos, hide certain photos, open and create new memories, apply filters, open photos and videos in editing mode, and more. Apple’s AI Deal With OpenAI Could Be Worth Billions of Dollars: Report Apart from this, earlier reports have also highlighted that Siri might be able to offer transcriptions to notes in the Notes app, set up reminders in the Reminders app, and read and summarise articles in the Safari browser. Notably, these features have not been announced by Apple, and whether these will be added to Apple's virtual assistant will only be known at the WWDC 2024. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iOS 18 to Get App Lock With FaceID, Dark Mode for Icons at WWDC 2024: Reports" ,  iOS 18 is expected to bring Dark Mode to the app icons on iPhone's home screen, according to a report. Toggling the setting may reportedly add a dark tint to the app icons. Apple is also tipped to roll out a feature that lets users lock apps using Face ID with its next operating system for the iPhone, which is expected to be unveiled at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on Monday. iOS 18 is also said to offer several AI features that could be called Apple Intelligence. App icons with Dark Mode According to a MacRumors report, Dark Mode is likely to be extended to the iPhone's home screen. The feature, which made its debut with iOS 13 in 2019, changes the colour scheme of the handset system-wide. Apple says it gives the iPhone a look that is “perfect for low-light environments.” Currently, only some elements of the home screen, such as folder icons, are influenced by dark mode. But with iOS 18, it is reported to be implemented for all app icons. However, the report suggests that it may initially be limited to first-party Apple apps only. An API supporting Dark Mode in third-party apps is speculated to be introduced later. App Lock on iPhone Additionally, iOS 18 is also reported to bring another new feature to the iPhone - the ability to lock individual apps. It is speculated to allow users to lock in-built iPhone apps such as Mail, Safari, Phone, Notes, Messages, Photos, Phone, and more. These apps would need Face ID for authentication, potentially adding a layer of security. While Apple does currently allow certain locked elements such as 'Recently Deleted' and 'Hidden' folders in its Photos app and certain notes, an app lock feature would work much better. While there are workarounds to it, like using Shortcuts or Screen Time, apps cannot be locked system-wide. As per the report, this feature may also work with Touch ID and the iPhone's passcode, apart from Face ID. Apple is expected to roll out this feature with the iOS 18 developer update following the WWDC 2024 showcase. However, it is speculated to be available to the public only in September, alongside the upcoming iPhone 16 series. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Adds Security Features to AI-Powered Recall After Users Express Concerns Over Privacy" ,  Microsoft unveiled new artificial intelligence (AI) features with the introduction of Copilot+ PCs at last month's Microsoft Surface and AI event. However, one feature, dubbed Recall, faced user backlash once it was added in the preview to let users test the feature. Many users took to social media to express concerns about its privacy and lack of an opt-in mechanism. Now, the tech giant has addressed the concerns by introducing three new security features to help users trust the AI-powered feature that enables visual tracking of user history. Microsoft Recall gets three new features In a Windows blog post, the company acknowledged the criticism from users and highlighted the changes it was making. The post stated, “We have heard a clear signal that we can make it easier for people to choose to enable Recall on their Copilot+ PC and improve privacy and security safeguards. With that in mind we are announcing updates that will go into effect before Recall (preview) ships to customers on June 18.” There are three changes in total. First, Recall will be completely opt-in. The setup process of the feature shows a screen where users can disable it. Further, the feature will remain off by default, so the only way to turn it on is by proactively going through the setup process. Microsoft’s Outlook Mobile App Gets More Features With Latest Update Next, Microsoft is integrating Windows Hello, the security feature that requires biometric information or a PIN code to allow the user access to the device, with Recall. Now, to enable the feature, users must enable and set up Windows Hello. Additionally, the tech giant said the device will require a “proof of presence” to view the timeline and search in Recall. Finally, the Windows maker is adding encryption to Recall to make it harder for bad actors to access the data. The first layer of encryption comes from Windows Hello and apart from that, it is also encrypting the search index database of Recall's snapshots so they cannot be accessed by a hacker. What is the Recall feature Announced on May 20, Recall is an AI-powered search history tracking functionality for the entire device. It takes periodic screenshots of the PC and via computer vision, it can answer user queries. Users can ask the AI about a specific task done on a certain day or show the highlight of a day and Recall will be quickly able to share the information. Microsoft 365 Copilot Expands Support for Indian Regional Languages Even at launch, Microsoft had added some security features to make the invasive nature of the feature more palatable to users. The snapshots taken by Recall were stored locally and were locked for every user account on the PC. Once Recall is activated, users are also sent persistent notifications to remind them that the feature is taking screenshots periodically. Users were also given the choice to disable the feature for certain apps. Further, Recall did not take snapshots of digital rights managed content or InPrivate browsing, which is supported in some PCs. Users are also given control over the screenshots that are being saved. The feature can be paused or filtered, and users can manually delete snapshots. Additionally, the feature is also protected by Copilot+ PCs' chip-to-cloud security technology, Microsoft Pluton security processor based on Zero Trust principles. Microsoft Releases Copilot for Telegram in Beta for All Users Despite these features, many netizens complained that the snapshots were not encrypted and that the lack of an opt-in mechanism made the feature feel forced. Microsoft has now addressed all of these concerns. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Huawei MatePad SE 11 With 7,000mAh Battery, M-Pen Lite Stylus Support Launched: Specifications" ,  Huawei MatePad SE 11 was launched globally on Sunday (May 9). The tablet is claimed to be a successor to the MatePad SE, which was unveiled in 2022, sporting features such as a 10-inch display and a 5,100mAh battery. The new MatePad SE 11 carries upgrades over the previous model in both aspects, featuring an 11-inch full-HD+ screen and a bigger 7,700mAh battery. It also brings M-Pen lite stylus support. Huawei MatePad SE 11 price, availability There is no official word on the pricing of the Huawei MatePad SE 11. Notably, its predecessor, the MatePad SE was launched in China in 2022. It was priced at CNY 1,499 (roughly Rs. 17,300) for the Wi-Fi only option with 4GB RAM and 128GB storage. Huawei MatePad SE 11 features, specifications Huawei's new tablet sports an 11-inch full-HD+ LCD screen with a pixel density of 207ppi (pixels-per-inch). The panel is said to have a peak brightness of 400 nits, 100 percent sRGB coverage, and a new eBook mode for readers. It ships with an M-Pen lite stylus, which, when coupled with the Huawei Notes app, brings features such as multi-screen collaboration and multi-window. Another feature is Kids Corner that is said to bring child-friendly features including a blue-light filter, poster alerts, eBook mode, and more. In terms of dimensions, it measures 252.3×163.8×6.9 mm and weighs 475g. The MatePad SE 11 comes in a metal unibody in two colourways: Crystal Blue and Nebula Gray. While Huawei didn't disclose the processor details, the tablet is reportedly equipped with a Kirin 710A or a Snapdragon 680 chipset, based on the region. The SoC is paired with up to 8GB RAM and up to 128GB onboard storage. The MatePad SE 11 runs on HarmonyOS 2.0. In terms of optics, the tablet sports an 8-megapixel rear camera with 1080p video-recording capabilities and a 5-megapixel front camera. The tablet is backed by a 7,700mAh battery with support for 22.5W fast charging via USB Type-C. Other features of the Huawei MatePad SE 11 include a quad-speaker setup, Bluetooth 5.1 and BLE, dual-band Wi-Fi, and OTG support. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Announces 3 New Xbox Series S/X Console Variants, All-Digital Xbox Series X Coming This Year" ,  Microsoft announced three new Xbox Series S/X console options at the Xbox Games Showcase on June 9. New configurations joining the Xbox lineup include a 1TB SSD storage variant of Xbox Series S in Robot White colourway, an all-digital Xbox Series X, and a 2TB Xbox Series X Special Edition in Galaxy Black colour option. The three new console variants will be available in select markets later this year in the holiday season. The Xbox parent has not yet provided details on availability and regional pricing for the new Xbox Series S/X variants. “Stay tuned for updates in the coming months where we'll provide information about market availability and regional Estimated Retail Pricing (ERP) when we share pre-order details,” Microsoft said. The new console variants will share the same speed and performance of current Xbox Series S/X models and will provide new design, storage and pricing options for users, Microsoft said. The all-digital Xbox Series X, for example, is priced lower than the standard Xbox Series X that comes with a disc drive. Xbox Leak: Microsoft Is Planning Xbox Series X and S Refreshes in 2024 Xbox Series S – 1TB in Robot White The Xbox Series S was originally available with 512GB storage in a Robot White colourway. Last year, Microsoft launched the Xbox Series S with 1TB storage in a new Carbon Black colorway. Now the extra storage option is coming to the Robot White colourway. Xbox Series S 1TB in Robot White will be sold in select markets for $349.99/EUR 349.99 ERP. The company has not yet confirmed India pricing and availability.  New Xbox Series S with 1TB storage in Robot White colourwayPhoto Credit: Microsoft Xbox Series X – 1TB Digital Edition Leaked court documents from the Microsoft vs. US FTC trial last year had claimed that the company was readying a digital version of the Xbox series X. Now, Microsoft has confirmed that an all-digital Xbox Series X is coming this year. The digital varitant of the console will come with 1TB SSD storage and will be available in the Robot White colourway (existing Series X models are only available in Carbon Black). The new variant will be priced at $449.99/EUR 499.99 ERP, lower than the disc version of the Series X, which comes in at $499.99. Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 Confirmed to Launch Day One on Xbox Game Pass  The all-digital Xbox Series X will be available in the Robot White colourwayPhoto Credit: Microsoft Xbox Series X – 2TB Galaxy Black Special Edition Microsoft is also launching a special edition of the Xbox Series X in a striking new Galaxy Black colourway with expanded 2TB storage. The console design features a silver, grey, and green celestial effect, with a black base colour and a green stand. The special edition console also comes with a matching Xbox wireless controller. The Galaxy Black Special Edition Xbox Series X will be available in limited quantities in select markets for $599.99/EUR 649.99 ERP.  The Galaxy Black special edition of Xbox Series X will be available in limited quantitiesPhoto Credit: Microsoft Pre-orders for three new variants will begin soon, Microsoft said. The company will also share details on regional pricing and market availability in the coming months.  Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo Reno 12 Pro, Reno 12 Specifications and Design Renders Leaked Ahead of Debut" ,  Oppo Reno 12 Pro is expected to launch in India and global markets soon, alongside the standard Reno 12 model. The smartphones were launched in China last month, and the company has now confirmed that these handsets will also debut in other regions. While a launch date is yet to be announced, a tipster has leaked the specifications of both models in the Reno 12 series, along with purported design renders of the handsets that hint at curved displays and flat edges. Oppo Reno 12 Pro, Reno 12 Design (Rumoured) The images of the Oppo Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro leaked by tipster Sudhanshu Ambhore appear quite similar to the models that arrived in China on May 23. The standard variant is claimed to feature a display that is curved on the left and right edges, unlike the Chinese variant of the Oppo Reno 12 that has the same display with four curved edges as the Reno 12 Pro model.  Images of the Oppo Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro leaked by the tipster (tap to expand)Photo Credit: X/ Sudhanshu Ambhore  Meanwhile, the renders leaked by the tipster suggest that the handsets will be equipped with a triple rear camera setup and will feature flat edges. Both the volume and power buttons are shown on the right edge of the phone. The images show the phone in two out of three colourways that were launched in China. Oppo Reno 12 Series, Next Find X Flagship Confirmed to Launch Globally Oppo Reno 12 Pro, Reno 12 Specifications (Rumoured) As per the leaked specifications sheet shared by the tipster, the Oppo Reno 12 handsets will sport 6.7-inch Full-HD+ (1,080x2,412 pixels) 3D AMOLED screens with a refresh rate and up to 1,200nits peak brightness. The displays on the Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro models feature Corning's Gorilla Glass 7i and Gorilla Glass Victus 2 protection, respectively. The Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro is powered by a Dimensity 7300-Energy SoC from MediaTek with a Mali G615 GPU, paired with 12GB of LPDDR4X RAM and up to 512GB of UFS 3.1 storage. The phones are said to run on Android 14-based ColorOS 14.1 out-of-the-box. The handsets are also said to have an IP65 rating for dust and splash resistance. Both handsets are tipped to feature a 50-megapixel primary camera with a Sony LYT-600 and optical image stabilisation, and an 8-megapixel ultrawide angle camera with an IMX355 sensor. The standard model has a 2-megapixel macro camera and a 32-megapixel front facing selfie camera, while the Pro model has a 50-megapixel telephoto camera as well as a 50-megapixel selfie camera. Oppo Reno 12F 5G May Launch Soon Globally, and in India


Oppo Reno 12 Pro Spotted on NBTC Website, Hinting at Imminent Launch


Oppo Reno 12 Series Could Reportedly Get 50-Megapixel Zoom Lens The leaked specification sheet also reveals that the Reno 12 and Reno 12 Pro will be equipped with a 5,000mAH battery and come with support for 80W SuperVOOC charging that is claimed to charge the phones from zero to 100 percent in 46 minutes. It will also support Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth 5.4, NFC, and dual nano SIM connectivity. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple WWDC 2024 Keynote Today: How to Watch Livestream, Full Event Schedule and What to Expect" ,  Apple's WWDC 2024 event will kick off later today and the company's annual Worldwide Developers Conference will begin with the keynote address. As usual, Apple has already shared the timing and the full schedule for the event. This year, Apple is expected to announce its next generation of software updates for iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, HomePod, AirPods, Apple Vision Pro, and Mac computers. While the company isn't expected to unveil new hardware, this year's event is expected to focus on artificial intelligence (AI) features, an area where Apple is playing catch-up with its rivals. WWDC 2024 Keynote Time, How to Watch Livestream WWDC 2024 will kick off with an in-person keynote address for select developers at Apple Park in California that will also be streamed live globally via the company's YouTube channel, the Apple website, Apple Developer app, and the Apple TV app. The keynote is scheduled to begin tonight at 10am PDT (10:30pm IST). You can also watch the keynote address from the video embedded below. Apple Music Will Reportedly Get These New Features With iOS 18 This Year .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Apple will also stream its Platforms State of the Union via the Apple Developer app and the Apple Developer website at 1pm PDT (1:30am IST on Tuesday), allowing enthusiasts and developers to see details of new features coming to its next wave of operating system updates. WWDC 2024 Full Schedule After the WWDC 2024 keynote and Platforms State of the Union, Apple's developer conference will continue with more than 100 technical sessions — with Apple designers, engineers, and other experts — scheduled to be released over the next few days on YouTube and the Apple Developer website and app. The company will host 50 Distinguished Winners of the annual Swift Student Challenge for three days at Apple Park. These winners will be part of special activities during the week of WWDC 2024, according to the firm. iOS 18 Could Let Users Generate Custom Emojis with AI: Report Apple is also expected to reveal the winners of is annual Apple Design Awards at WWDC 2024. This year's finalists have been announced on the Apple Developer website and app, and Apple says it will announce the winners soon. WWDC 2024 What to Expect At WWDC 2024, Apple is expected to announce details of its upcoming operating system updates — iOS 18, iPadOS 18. macOS 15, watchOS 11, tvOS 18, and visionOS 2. Recent reports suggest that Apple is working on several improvements to its operating system including the iOS user interface, in terms of customisation. The company is also expected to introduce new AI features on its operating systems, while Siri might be updated with new capabilities. According to reports. the company was in in talks with OpenAI and Google to integrate chatbot features on iOS 18, which is said to offer both on-device and cloud-based AI functionality. iOS 17.5.1 Is Now Available to Download With a Fix for This 'Rare' Bug


Apple Said to Use In-House Server Chips to Power AI Tools, Features


Apple M4 Chip Debuts With On-Device AI, Ultra Retina XDR Display Support There's currently no word on plans to launch new hardware at WWDC 2024, and the company recently launched new iPad Pro and iPad Air models earlier this month, alongside the new Apple Pencil Pro. However, given Apple's tendency to keep its plans under wraps until they are announced at its events, we'll have to wait until the keynote event to find out. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi 14 Civi Price in India Tipped Ahead of June 12 Launch" ,  Xiaomi 14 Civi is set to launch in India on June 12. The company has teased several key features of the upcoming handset previously. The design and colour options of the phone have also been revealed. It has been tipped to be a rebadged version of the Xiaomi Civi 4 Pro, which was introduced in China in March this year. Ahead of the launch, a tipster has leaked the possible price as well as the expected RAM and storage variants of the Xiaomi 14 Civi. Xiaomi 14 Civi price in India (expected) The Xiaomi 14 Civi could be priced in India at Rs. 43,000 for the 8GB + 128GB option, claimed tipster Abhishek Yadav (@yabhishekhd) in an X post. He also mentioned there will be a second 12GB + 512GB variant. However, the tipster noted that his source is "not sure this time" about these details. Therefore, readers should take this information with a pinch of salt. Xiaomi India CMO Anuj Sharma had also revealed to Gadgets 360 previously that the company plans to launch the Xiaomi 14 Civi in the country at around Rs. 50,000 soon. Xiaomi 14 Civi Key Features Confirmed Ahead of June 12 India Launch Xiaomi 14 Civi specifications, features The Xiaomi 14 Civi is confirmed to feature a flat 1.5K AMOLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate. It will be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 chipset and ship with Android 14-based HyperOS. The handset will sport a Leica-backed triple rear camera unit as well as dual 32-megapixel front cameras. Xiaomi 14 Civi Will Bring Leica-Xiaomi Collaboration Under Rs 50,000


Xiaomi 14 Civi Confirmed to Launch in India on This Date Xiaomi 14 Civi will pack a 4,700mAh battery with 67W wired fast charging support with the battery said to support up to 1,600 charge cycles. The smartphone will come with a metal frame and measure 7.4mm in thickness. It will be offered in three colour options in India - Cruise Blue, Matcha Green, and Shadow Black.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Poco M6 4G Price, Design, Key Features Revealed; Launch Set for June 11" ,  Poco M6 4G is confirmed to launch globally soon. Poco has revealed the design, colour options, and key features of the smartphone. The company has also announced the launch date of the phone, which will join the Poco M6 5G, M6 Pro 5G, and M6 Pro 4G handsets. Recently, a Poco M6 Plus 5G variant was spotted on the BIS certification sites. Meanwhile, early bird prices alongside the RAM and storage options of the upcoming Poco M6 4G have also been officially confirmed. Poco M6 4G price An X post by the company confirms that the Poco M6 4G will launch on June 11. The attached image with the post reveals that the phone will be available at an Early Bird price of $129 (roughly Rs. 10,800) for the 6GB + 128GB variant and $149 (roughly Rs. 12,400) for the 8GB + 256GB configurations. The Poco M6 4G is listed on the Poco Global website with three colour options - Black, Purple, and Silver. Poco M6 Plus 5G Surfaces on BIS Website, Could Launch in India Soon Poco M6 4G specifications, features The Poco M6 4G will sport a 6.79-inch full-HD+ (2,460 x 1,080 pixels) DotDisplay with up to 90Hz refresh rate and triple TÜV Rheinland certification. The phone is confirmed to be powered by a MediaTek Helio G91 Ultra SoC paired with a Mali-G52 MC2 GPU, up to 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM, and up to 256GB eMMC 5.1 onboard storage. The online listing also reveals that the phone will ship with Android 14-based Xiaomi HyperOS. For optics, the Poco M6 4G will carry a dual rear camera unit with support for up to 1080p video recording. It will include a 108-megapixel primary rear sensor alongside a 2-megapixel macro sensor. The front camera will use a 13-megapixel sensor. Poco F6 5G Goes on Sale in India for the First Time Today: See Offers


Poco Announces HyperOS Update Schedule for Q2 2024: See Eligible Phones The listing shows that the Poco M6 4G will carry a 5,030mAh battery with 33W wired fast charging support via a USB Type-C port. The phone will be equipped with a side-mounted fingerprint sensor and a 3.5mm headphone port. It will offer Wi-Fi, NFC, and Bluetooth 5.4 connectivity. It is said to weigh 205g and measure 168.6 x 76.28 x 8.3mm in size.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple's iOS 18 AI Features to Be Called Apple Intelligence: Mark Gurman" ,  Apple is expected to announce a host of artificial intelligence-backed features and tools at the upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10. The umbrella term used for these AI features will be 'Apple Intelligence' according to Mark Gurman. The company is also said to introduce a new Passwords app as well as refresh the Music widget in the iPhone Control Centre with iOS 18. The Cupertino-based tech giant is unlikely to reveal any new hardware at the WWDC event. Apple Intelligence features According to a report by Bloomberg's Mark Gurman, the new AI-backed features to be unveiled at the WWDC 2024 will be termed as 'Apple Intelligence.' These are expected to be available on iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS 15 — all of which are likely to be released during the conference. The focus of the upcoming AI features by Apple is expected to help with basic, everyday tasks. The report adds that some of these features will be integrated into the device's system applications. Some of the new AI features are likely to rely on on-device processing capabilities, while some are likely to use cloud-based computing. Apple Said to Unveil a Passwords App at WWDC to Track Login Credentials Some of the features could include AI-generated summaries of web pages or replies to messages and e-mails. The AI-backed tools will reportedly help sort email inboxes and even offer condensed outlines of messages for notifications. Apple is also expected to bring improved editing tools for its Photos app, which may include a similar feature like Google's Smart Eraser tool. The company is also expected to introduce some Generative AI features that would be able generate emojis based on text, which users will be able to save and use. iOS 18 May Bring an Upgrade to iPhone’s Control Centre, Suggests Report


Apple to Reportedly Skip Hardware Announcements at WWDC 2024 Gurman also claims that Apple will announce a deal with OpenAI during the WWDC 2024. This suggests that there could be ChatGPT integration with iOS 18, iPadOS, macOS, and others.   Apple unveiled its first mixed reality headset, the Apple Vision Pro, at its annual developer conference, along with new Mac models and upcoming software updates. We discuss all the most important announcements made by the company at WWDC 2023 on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iPhone 15 Series, iPad, MacBook, HomePod Mini, More Get Discounts During Vijay Sales Apple Days Sale" ,  iPhone 15 series as well as older iPhone models are currently available at discounted prices in India. Vijay Sales has kickstarted its Apple Days sale, in which numerous Apple products are available at discounted rates. The sale is currently live in India and ends on June 17. Alongside buying iPhone, iPad, MacBook, Apple Watch, AirPods and more at lowered effective prices, customers can also earn loyalty points. Some buyers may also be eligible for additional offers and benefits if they make their purchase via select payment methods. Retailer Vijay Sales confirmed in a press note that during the ongoing Apple Days sale, ICICI and SBI Bank card holders can avail of instant discounts of up to Rs. 10,000. Walk-in customers at retail stores will also be eligible for a Cashify-backed exchange bonus of up to Rs. 12,000. The base iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Plus were launched at Rs. 79,900 and Rs. 89,900. During the ongoing Vijay Sales' Apple Days sale, customers can buy the handsets at Rs. 64,900 and Rs. 74,290, respectively, inclusive of bank offers. Apple Said to Unveil a Passwords App at WWDC to Track Login Credentials Meanwhile, the higher-end iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max are available at effective starting prices of Rs. 1,23,990 and Rs. 1,45,990, respectively. These prices include bank offers and additional discounts. For reference, the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max were priced at Rs. 1,34,900 and Rs. 1,54,900, respectively, during launch. During the ongoing sale, customers can also get the base iPhone 14, inclusive of all offers, at Rs. 57,990, while the iPhone 14 Plus could be bought at Rs. 66,990. The vanilla iPhone 13 can be purchased at an effective starting price of Rs. 50,999. Apart from smartphones, the 9th and 10th Gen iPad can be purchased at Rs. 24,990 and Rs. 29,900, respectively, with included offers. The 5th Gen iPad Air is available at Rs. 45,490, while the 11-inch and 13-inch iPad Air variants start at Rs. 53,000 and Rs. 72,000, respectively. Further, the 11-inch and 13-inch iPad Pro are being offered at Rs. 91,000 and Rs. 1,19,500, respectively. Of course, all of these prices are inclusive of offers. Apple’s Mail App Could Get Smart Replies to Help You Send Emails Quickly


iPhone 16 Pro, iPhone 16 Pro Max Dimensions Leak; Hints at Larger Design The 14-inch MacBook Pro with the M3 chip can be bought at an effective price of Rs. 1,47,890. Similarly, the Apple Watch Series 9 and AirPods Pro (2nd Gen) can be purchased at Rs. 36,600 and Rs. 21,090, respectively. The Apple HomePod Mini is available from Rs. 8,390, including all offers. Deals on several other Apple products can be found on the Vijay Sales website.   Apple unveiled its first mixed reality headset, the Apple Vision Pro, at its annual developer conference, along with new Mac models and upcoming software updates. We discuss all the most important announcements made by the company at WWDC 2023 on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Flipkart, PhonePe IPO May Take Couple of Years, Says Walmart Executive" ,  Initial public offerings of Walmart's Flipkart marketplace and PhonePe digital payments platform could take a couple of years, a Walmart executive said. "This is something we're looking at over the next couple of years,” Walmart's executive vice president for corporate affairs, Dan Bartlett, said on the sidelines of the company's shareholder meeting near its Bentonville, Arkansas, headquarters, late on Thursday. Walmart may put an initial public offering of PhonePe ahead of Flipkart, even though Flipkart is a more mature business, Bartlett told Reuters. Google to Invest $350 Million in Flipkart, Valuing Firm at $37 Billion Based in India, PhonePe is "one of the largest payment platforms" in the country, he said. He cited PhonePe's tie to India's instant money transfer system, Unified Payments Interface (UPI), which allows users to transfer money across multiple banks without disclosing account details. "There's a lot of a processes that have to be put in place before we go public," Bartlett said, referring to PhonePe. “Obviously the question about the Indian exchange versus others" is "under consideration" for the future IPO listing, he added. Walmart's Flipkart marketplace and PhonePe payments operations in India could be $100 billion (roughly Rs. 8,35,200 crore) businesses, buoyed by strong growth, the retailer's chief financial officer said a year ago at an investor conference. Adobe Makes it AEP AI Assistant Generally Available to Businesses Executives at that time cited the two businesses as key drivers that could help Walmart meet its target of doubling the gross merchandise volume it sells in foreign markets to $200 billion (roughly Rs. 16,70,300 crore) in five years. PhonePe said in October 2023 that its consolidated revenue for the financial year 2023 surged 77 percent, as more customers used its platform to send and receive money in India's booming digital payments market. With more than 490 million registered users, PhonePe had a near 51 percent share of the value of transactions on India's UPI as of March 2023. DuckDuckGo Rolls Out AI Chat for Anonymous Conversations With AI Models © Thomson Reuters 2024   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Odyssey OLED, Smart Monitor and ViewFinity Models Refreshed With AI Features in India" ,  Samsung launched refreshed versions of its Smart Monitor, ViewFinity, and Odyssey OLED gaming monitor series in India on Thursday. These are currently available for purchase in the country. The company is also extending limited time offers on the purchase of some of these variants. Samsung's latest monitors are equipped with up to 43-inch displays. One of the newly introduced monitors, the Samsung Smart Monitor M8, is equipped with an AI-backed Active Voice Amplifier Pro feature. Samsung Odyssey OLED G6, Smart Monitor, ViewFinity Series Price in India Samsung Odyssey OLED G6 price in India is set at Rs. 92,399 and the monitor is available in a black colourway. Meanwhile, the Samsung Smart Monitor and Samsung Viewfinity series start from Rs. 15,399 and Rs. 21,449 respectively. These monitors are currently available for purchase in the country via the Samsung Shop online store as well as through Amazon, Flipkart and select retail stores. If the Samsung Odyssey OLED G6 and any Smart Monitor series models are bought via the Samsung e-store between June 5 and June 11, buyers can avail of a no-cost EMI option and an instant cart discount of up to Rs. 2,750. Samsung May Introduce an Innovative Way to Check Time on Galaxy Phones Customers who purchase the Smart Monitor M8 from the Samsung e-store will be eligible to receive a Samsung soundbar, while the OLED G6 monitor buyers can get Samsung Galaxy Buds 2 Pro. Additionally, discounts of up to Rs. 11,100 are available on the purchase of these monitors via Amazon or Flipkart. Samsung Odyssey OLED G6, Smart Monitor, ViewFinity Series Specifications The Samsung Odyssey OLED G6 has a 27-inch OLED glare-free screen with a 360Hz refresh rate and 2,560 x 1,440 pixels resolution. It is equipped with two HDMI 2.1 ports, one DisplayPort 1.4 port, and three USB 3.0 ports. The monitor also comes with Samsung OLED Safeguard+ protection. Samsung Confirms Galaxy AI Will Come to Next Foldable Phones The Samsung Smart Monitor series has up to 43-inch 4K Ultra HD (3,840 x 2,160 pixels) flat screens with 60Hz refresh rate and HDR10 support. The Smart Monitor M8 particularly features the AI-backed Active Voice Amplifier Pro tool which is claimed to analyse background noise and accordingly "optimise dialogue in the user's content." Samsung Galaxy A16, Galaxy A06 Price Range, Launch Timeline Tipped Lastly, the Samsung Viewfinity series of monitors are offered with up to 32-inch 4K UHD (3,840 x 2,160 pixels) screens with up to 100Hz refresh rate and up to 350 nits peak brightness. They are also equipped with USB-Type C ports that allow users to charge devices with up to 90W of power.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme Developing 300W Fast-Charging Technology, Top Executive Confirms" ,  Realme GT Neo 5 was launched in February last year with up to 240W fast charging support. This fast-charging technology is claimed to fill the battery from zero to 100 percent in less than 10 minutes. Now, the Chinese tech brand seems to be up the ante with new charging technology. A senior Realme executive has confirmed that it is working on 300W charging for upcoming smartphone models. The company's major rival Xiaomi already showcased its 300W fast charging technology last year. In an interview with YouTube channel The Tech Chap, Francis Wong, CEO of Realme Europe and Global Marketing Director, confirmed that Realme is testing 300W charging. The latest move will help the brand to compete with the likes of Xiaomi, which is also working on similar fast charging technology. Redmi already demonstrated 300W charging in February last year using a modified Redmi Note 12 Discovery Edition smartphone with a 4,100mAh battery. This charging technology managed to fill the battery in less than five minutes. The company is yet to launch a handset with support for 300W fast charging. Realme GT Neo 5 SE With Snapdragon 7+ Gen 2 SoC Launched: Price, Details Realme already offers 240W charging in the Realme GT Neo 5, which is claimed charge the 4,600mAh battery from zero to 20 percent in 80 seconds, zero to 50 percent in four minutes, and zero to 100 percent in less than 10 minutes. A charging time of 30 seconds is touted to deliver up to two hours of talk time. The Realme GT Neo 5 was unveiled with an initial price tag of CNY 3,199 (roughly Rs. 39,000). It features a 6.74-inch 1.5K AMOLED display with a refresh rate of 144Hz and is backed by a Snapdragon 8+ Gen 1 SoC. A triple rear camera setup led by a 50-megapixel primary sensor, a 16-megapixel selfie shooter, and up to 1TB storage are the other specifications of the phone. Realme C63 With 5,000mAh Battery, Unisoc T612 Chipset Debuts: See Price iQoo 11S (200W), Infinix Zero Ultra 5G (180W), and Realme GT Neo 3 (150W) are some of the fastest-charging phones available in the market now, but upcoming Realme and Redmi (or Xiaomi) phones could soon surpass these charging speeds. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Adobe Experience Platform AI Assistant With Content Generation, Automation Features Now Generally Available" ,  Adobe announced the general availability of the Adobe Experience Platform (AEP) AI assistant on Thursday. The AEP is a customer experience management platform using which businesses can monitor and analyse customer data and execute marketing campaigns for their products and services. The platform's AI assistant was first previewed at the Adobe Summit in March 2024 and now it is available to businesses globally. The AI chatbot comes with analytical and content-generation capabilities to help automate certain operation workflows for businesses. Adobe AEP gets an AI assistant Announcing the general availability of the AI chatbot in a newsroom post, Adobe highlighted that the tool is a conversational interface that will provide businesses with a deeper understanding of their customer data and offer ways to make their workflows more efficient. The AI assistant will have access to various Adobe Experience Cloud applications such as Real-Time Customer Data Platform, Adobe Journey Optimiser, and Customer Journey Analytics. By drawing data from these apps, the AI assistant will be able to answer various technical questions about the company's products and services. It will also be able to automate certain tasks, simulate marketing outcomes, and generate new audiences and journeys. Adobe said that it has developed generative experience models that power the chatbot. Adobe Lightroom Can Now Remove Unwanted Objects From Photos The capabilities of the AEP AI assistant can be divided into three categories. Adobe calls the first Product Expertise. The chatbot can generate insights from customer data in natural language for easier understanding. It can also answer complex questions such as How do I build an audience segment?” or “What is an identity map?”, as well as assist with troubleshooting tasks. Adobe claims this will allow businesses to fetch operational insights around datasets, audiences, and customer marketing journeys without running SQL (Structured Query Language) queries. While this feature hasn't currently been rolled out, businesses will soon be able to use the AI assistant for content generation and automation tasks. The chatbot can create marketing assets including emails, and web pages with copy, design and images via Adobe Firefly. Another feature Adobe is working on is predictive insights and recommendations. With this, the AI chatbot will be able to provide businesses with predictive insights. Citing an example, Adobe said users can ask the AI assistant “How many conversions should I expect from this segment?” and “How would that change if I applied an additional segment filter?” Running such predictive analysis usually takes days, but the company claims it will take the chatbot seconds to run simulations to find actionable insights. It will also be able to recommend suggestions to reach the required outcome. Adobe Photoshop to Get These New Firefly Image 3-Powered AI Features


Apple Said to Unveil a Passwords App at WWDC to Track Login Credentials Notably, Adobe did not disclose the large language model used for the AI assistant. It also did not mention any rate of error in the responses of the AI. Businesses can visit the AEP website to find out the custom pricing details on the basis of their requirements. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "DuckDuckGo AI Chat With Support for GPT-3.5 Turbo, 3 Other AI Models Rolled Out to All Users" ,  DuckDuckGo – the web browser with privacy at its centre – announced the rollout of its AI Chat feature to all users on Thursday (May 6). This feature was previously available to select users in beta access, enabling them to converse with artificial intelligence (AI) models while keeping anonymity. It has now been introduced to all users of the web browser for free with limited access while there's a paid plan available too. AI Chat on DuckDuckGo In a blog post, the company announced that AI Chat currently offers support for four AI models (two proprietary and two open-sourced) - Open AI's GPT 3.5 Turbo, Anthropic's Claude 3 Haiku, Meta's Llama 3, and Mistral's Mixtral 8x7B. As per the claims made by the company, the chats are private and none of them are used for training the AI models. The terms and conditions listed by DuckDuckGo mention that since it calls the AI models on the user's behalf, their personal information such as IP addresses are not exposed. Furthermore, it is also claimed that users can have conversations with the AI Chat without worrying about their privacy as the conversations are anonymised. DuckDuckGo says it has agreements with the providers of the AI models which limits how much data they can use from users' anonymous prompts. Additionally, the data cannot be used to “develop or improve their models”. WhatsApp Business Users in India Will Soon Get an AI Chatbot Feature The company claims the agreement also includes the deletion of all the received data within 30 days (with limited exceptions for safety and legal compliance). “The underlying model providers may store chats temporarily, but there's no way for them to tie chats back to you, personally, since all metadata is removed”, it is claimed. How to use AI Chat DuckDuckGo's AI Chat can be accessed through multiple entry points such as URLs as well as shortcuts. Upon reaching the homepage, the user is provided with a choice of the four AI models. The chat window offers preset prompts such as 'Get computer help', 'Understand a topic', or 'Write an email'. Once the conversation is over, the fire button before the text box can be used to clear the chat window. If users wish to change the AI model, they can click on the AI model name in the left pane and select any of the three other options. Apple’s Mail App Could Get Smart Replies to Help You Send Emails Quickly


Wix Now Lets You Build a Mobile App Using an AI-Powered Chatbot DuckDuckGo says its roadmap includes “includes adding more chat models and browser entry points.” It is also working on a paid subscription plan for AI Chat, as well as the inclusion of more AI models. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google NotebookLM Gets Upgraded to Gemini 1.5 Pro, Rolls Out in India and Other Markets: How It Works" ,  Google's NotebookLM received several new features and was expanded to more than 200 countries and regions on Thursday. The AI-powered research and writing assistant was initially introduced at last year's Google I/O event as Project Tailwind and was later rolled out to a limited number of users in the US. Now, the platform is available to users in India and other countries with features such as web URLs and Google Slides as sources, inline citations, and more. It is also powered by the Gemini 1.5 Pro AI model. NotebookLM gets new features After the integration with Gemini 1.5 Pro, the AI model that powers Gemini Advanced, NotebookLM now has multimodal capabilities. What this means is that users can add pictures, charts, and diagrams in sources and the platform will answer questions about them. Earlier, it could only read and analyse the text.  NotebookLM platformPhoto Credit: Google  Another useful new feature is the inclusion of Google Slides and website URLs as sources. With this, users can upload a link to a website or a Google Slides file and have the AI chatbot organise and answer questions on it. The Gemini 1.5 Pro model is again useful here as it lets the chatbot go through the slides. Other than that, users can upload sources from Google Drive, PDF files, Text files, and copied text. Further, the platform now shows inline citations for its generated responses. Hovering over the citation will open the supporting passage from the source for easy fact-checking. Users can also click the passage to dive deeper into the original text. Additionally, the NotebookLM also has a deeper level of understanding of the sources, and it can generate frequently asked questions (FAQs), briefing documents, and study guides when prompted. Google Could Soon Make It Easier to Locate Lost Devices, Report Suggests


Gmail for Android May Get Reply Suggestions, Other Gemini AI Features


OpenAI, Google DeepMind Workers Demand the Right to Warn About AI Risks During a media briefing, Raiza Martin, Senior Product Manager at Google Labs, told Gadgets 360 that the AI model will not be trained on the user's data or the sources in any capacity. Further, journalists were told that since NotebookLM is a closed system, it does not run a web search to answer any question and only relies on the information present in the sources. How to use NotebookLM Go to the NotebookLM website by clicking here. Tap on Try NotebookLM. Look for the Sources icon on the left margin. There should be a plus icon next to it. Click it. Choose your preferred mode of uploading source. Choose the file or URL you want to use. Now, you can type your query in the text field at the bottom. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2024: Disney+ Hotstar Brings Dolby Vision to Live Sports Streaming in India" ,  Disney+ Hotstar has announced that it will offer live sports streams in Dolby Vision in India. Upcomingg live sports events in the country including cricket matches, Super 8s, semi-finals and finals of the ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024 will be streamed live in Dolby Vision on the streaming platform, according to the company. This makes Disney+ Hotstar the first video streaming service in the world to offer support for streaming live cricket matches in Dolby Vision. Disney+ Hotstar to Stream ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024 in Dolby Vision Disney+ Hotstar has announced that streaming in Dolby Vision will only be available to Premium subscribers. Courtesy of this technology, viewers will be able to experience “lifelike colours, sharp contrast, and rich detail”, the platform said. “We are delighted to introduce Dolby Vision for our Premium-only users to experience the ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024 on their screens like never before,” Disney+ Hotstar's Head of Engineering Mukund Acharya said in a prepared statement. Airtel Unveils Plans With Free Disney+ Hotstar Subscription at This Price While Premium plans will bring support for ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024 streaming in Dolby Vision, Disney+ Hotstar said that only 4K TVs which are compatible with the technology will be able to take advantage of it. However, the announcement did not mention any support for similar streaming on smartphones that are also Dolby Vision-certified. In a related matter, Airtel announced new plans for its prepaid, postpaid, and Xstream Fiber broadband customers with limits of up to 3GB data per day and a free Disney+ Hotstar subscription bundled along with it. These plans have been introduced with the aim of maximising the viewing experience of the ongoing ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024. Cricket Match Highlights on ShareChat, Moj Earlier this month, Disney+ Hotstar also announced its collaboration with social media platform ShareChat – a move that will see highlights from matches come to ShareChat as well as Moj, the short video streaming also owned by ShareChat. JioCinema Premium Annual Plan Silently Launched in India at This Price


Netflix Ad-Supported Plan Crosses 40 Million Monthly Active Users Following this announcement, fans will be able to relive exciting moments with short clips of boundaries, wickets, and field play in regional languages too. Furthermore, clips of studio analysis featuring cricket commentators will also be made available on both platforms. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 With Support for AI Capabilities, 120Hz Display Launched" ,  Qualcomm announced its newest processor for mobile – Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 – on Friday, May 7. The chipset is fabricated on a 6nm process and comes with an Adreno GPU. It arrives with 5G support and boasts artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities courtesy of an AI Engine. It is speculated to power smartphones in the lower and mid-range segments. The chipset comes hot on the heels of the Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC, which was unveiled in March. Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 specifications In a blog post, Qualcomm said its newest mobile processor brings “performance, gaming, and intelligent assistance”. It is built on a 64-bit architecture and has Kryo CPU cores with a peak clock speed of 2.3 GHz. It is claimed to have an AI Engine including Qualcomm Hexagon Vector eXtensions for delivering a responsive performance. Additionally, it has Qualcomm Sensing Hub with a Low Power AI System that supports hardware-accelerated always-on voice assistants, multi-mic far-field detection, and echo cancellation. The Adreno GPU onboard offers support for 120fps gaming, according to the company. Qualcomm says devices running this chipset will feature LPDDR4x RAM and UFS 2.2 onboard storage. Samsung May Introduce an Innovative Way to Check Time on Galaxy Phones The chip has been equipped to support full-HD+ displays with a refresh rate of up to 120Hz. Smartphones equipped with the Snapdragon 6s Gen 3 SoC will be able support up to 108-megapixel sensors, and the chipset features a triple 12-bit Spectra ISP setup, offering AI-enhanced low-light capturing capabilities. It can also playback videos at a maximum resolution of 1080p at 60fps. Qualcomm's new chipset features the Snapdragon X51 5G Modem-RF system with support for both mmWave and Sub-6 5G networks. It offers Global 5G Multi-SIM support for networks and promises a peak download speed of up to 2.5Gbps. The chip also gets Qualcomm's FastConnect 6200 technology and supports Bluetooth 5.2. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra India Launch Confirmed


Samsung Confirms Galaxy AI Will Come to Next Foldable Phones The company says its new mobile processor supports satellite systems such as QZSS, Galileo, Beidou, GLONASS, NavIC, and GPS with sidewalk-level accuracy. It also enables support for up to Quick Charge 4+ via USB Type-C. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra US Variant Allegedly Spotted on IMEI Website" ,  Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra has reportedly been spotted in a regulatory database that reveals the model number of the purported smartphone. We are still many months away from the possible launch of the company's next-generation flagship — the Galaxy S25 Ultra — but rumours about its camera specifications and storage configurations are already doing rounds on the Web. It's predecessor, the Galaxy S24 Ultra, was launched in January with several AI features enabled by Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC and received positive reviews. Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Spotted in IMEI Database Android Headlines spotted the Galaxy S25 Ultra in an IMEI database with the model number SM-S938U. Based on previous model numbers for the Galaxy series, the 'U' could be a reference of the US variant. The international variant is likely to arrive with a different model number. Besides the model number, the listing doesn't reveal any specifications about the handset. Samsung's Galaxy S25 Ultra is expected to go official early next year like the previous generation Galaxy S series phones. It is rumoured to bring a camera upgrade with the ultrawide and the telephoto sensors are getting a significant bump. Samsung Confirms Galaxy AI Will Come to Next Foldable Phones The rumoured handset is said to feature a quad rear camera setup, comprising a 200-megapixel main camera, a 50-megapixel sensor with 5x optical zoom, a 50-megapixel ultra wide-angle camera, and a 50-megapixel telephoto sensor with 3x optical zoom. For comparison, the current-generation Galaxy S24 Ultra has a similar quad rear camera setup with 12-megapixel ultra-wide shooter and a 10-megapixel telephoto shooter with 3x optical zoom. Further, Galaxy S25 Ultra is said to be equipped with UFS 4.1 storage with data transfer rates of 8GB per second. This could be a slight upgrade over the UFS 4.0 flash storage available on the Galaxy S24 Ultra. It is tipped to run on a next-generation Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Watch 7 Ultra Tipped to Get 3nm Chipset, 32GB RAM Samsung's Galaxy S24 Ultra was launched in January with a starting price tag of Rs. 1,29,999.    Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Realme GT 7 Pro Key Specifications Leak Again; Tipped to Feature 50-Megapixel Periscope Camera" ,  Realme GT 7 Pro launch in India was recently confirmed by Realme Vice President Chase Xu. The purported handset is expected to be unveiled in China before it is brought to other markets, including India. Several leaks related to the Realme GT 7 Pro have surfaced online over the past few days. A new leak suggests the display, camera, battery and storage details of the phone, and reasserts an earlier SoC-related leak. Its predecessor, the Realme GT 5 Pro, was not introduced in India. Realme GT 7 Pro Specifications (Expected) The upcoming Realme GT 7 Pro will sport a 1.5K 8T LTPO OLED screen, according to a Weibo post by tipster Digital Chat Station, which also claims that the panel will likely be provided by a domestic display manufacturer. The post also suggested that the Realme GT 7 Pro is expected to feature a 50-megapixel periscope telephoto camera with support for up to 3x optical zoom. The handset is also expected to pack an "ultra-large" 6,000mAh battery. Realme GT 7 Pro Confirmed to Launch in India The tipster adds that the Realme GT 7 Pro is expected to get Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC paired with 16GB of RAM and up to 1TB of onboard storage. This backs an earlier leak which claimed that the upcoming handset could be the first smartphone in global markets outside China to carry the yet-unannounced Snapdragon chipset. An earlier report suggested that the Realme GT 7 Pro may be equipped with an ultrasonic in-display fingerprint sensor for security, which is claimed to offer more accurate more accurate fingerprint readings compared to optical scanners. Realme GT 7 Pro Said to Debut as First Snapdragon 8 Gen 4-Powered Phone


Realme GT 7 Pro Camera, Fingerprint Sensor Details Tipped Realme GT 7 Pro launch timeline (expected) The Realme GT 5 Pro was launched in December 2023, and that the company could follow a similar launch cycle and introduce the Realme GT 7 Pro towards the end of the year.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy A16, Galaxy A06 Price Range, Launch Timeline Tipped" ,  Samsung Galaxy A16 and Galaxy A06 are reportedly in development. While the smartphones have not yet been confirmed by the company, a recent report has leaked their launch timeline and price range details. The handsets will likely succeed the Galaxy A15 and Galaxy A05, respectively. Notably, the Samsung Galaxy A05 was unveiled in October 2023, while 4G and 5G variants of the Galaxy A15 were launched in December 2023. Samsung Galaxy A16, Samsung Galaxy A06 launch timeline (expected) The Samsung Galaxy A16 and Galaxy A06 will likely be unveiled by December this year, according to a GalaxyClub report. The phones, however, may not launch in global markets until early 2025, the report added. It said that other Samsung Galaxy A smartphones like the Galaxy A36 or the Galaxy A56 may follow in the spring of 2025 (March-April). Samsung Galaxy A16, Samsung Galaxy A06 price, features (expected) The aforementioned report adds that the Samsung Galaxy A16 and the Galaxy A06 are expected to be priced around or below EUR 200 (roughly Rs. 18,200). During internal testing, the phones allegedly carried the model numbers SM-A166B and SM-A065M, respectively. The Galaxy A16, like its preceding version, has also been tipped to arrive in a 5G variant. Samsung Confirms Galaxy AI Will Come to Next Foldable Phones Unfortunately, the report does not mention any expected specifications of the Samsung Galaxy A16 and Galaxy A06. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6 Poster Leaks Revealing Design


Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Could Feature UFS 4.1 Storage Samsung Galaxy A15, Galaxy A05 specifications The 5G and 4G variants of the Samsung Galaxy A15 come with MediaTek Dimensity 6100+ and MediaTek Helio G99 chipsets, respectively. Meanwhile, the Galaxy A05 is powered by a MediaTek Helio G85 SoC. The Samsung Galaxy A15 gets a 50-megapixel triple rear camera setup alongside a 13-megapixel front sensor. The Galaxy A05, on the other hand, gets a 50-megapixel dual rear camera system and an 8-megapixel front camera. All three phones are equipped with 5,000mAh batteries with 25W wired fast charging support.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple to Reportedly Unveil a Passwords App at WWDC 2024 to Keep Track of User Login Credentials" ,  Apple will reportedly launch a new Passwords app when it hosts the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10. As per the report, the tech giant could introduce its password-saving and tracking platform with the iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS 15 updates. The app is said to be powered by the iCloud Keychain, the native service that syncs passwords and account information across Apple's devices. Notably, the Cupertino-based company will also announce several new artificial intelligence (AI) features for several of its apps and services. Apple's new Passwords App According to a report by Bloomberg's Mark Gurman, the new app will make its debut during the WWDC event's keynote session. Citing people with knowledge of the app's development, the report claimed that the Passwords app will be able to save and keep track of users' passwords and generate new passwords. Based on the report, it appears the feature will be powered by the iCloud Keychain. It's a service that syncs passwords and account credentials across Apple devices. However, the service can only be accessed via the Settings app or when a user attempts to log into an account. The new Passwords app will likely offer users a front-end for the feature as well as offer more control over its functionalities. The Passwords app will reportedly feature authenticator functionalities as well. With support for verification codes, it can be used to set up two-factor authentication. Additionally, the Passwords app is also said to categorise the user's credentials into different categories such as Wi-Fi networks, accounts, and passkeys. There could be others as well, but no information about them is known at present. Apple could be aiming to establish its password management platform with this move. Currently, third-party apps such as 1Password, LastPass, and Proton Pass offer password management functionalities. Reportedly, the tech giant could let users import their password data from third-party apps to its Passwords app to make the transition easier. Apple’s Mail App Could Get Smart Replies to Help You Send Emails Quickly


iPhone 16 Pro, iPhone 16 Pro Max Dimensions Leak; Hints at Larger Design


Apple Reveals Minimum Length of Software Support for iPhone 15 Lineup However, Apple will have to offer a feature-packed app to lure people away from third-party apps. For instance, 1Password offers password sharing, file storage, vault and tag organisation, and additional field support. At the moment, the full range of the Passwords app's features is not known. These will only be known once Apple officially launches the app. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch 7 Ultra Tipped to Get 3nm Chipset, 32GB RAM" ,  Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 series is expected to be announced at the next Galaxy Unpacked event, which is anticipated to take place on July 10. As we inch closer to the rumoured launch timeline, the specifications of the upcoming wearable lineup have leaked on the Web. The Galaxy Watch 7 and Galaxy Watch 7 Ultra are said to be powered by a 3nm processor. The former is likely to be offered in 40mm and 44mm sizes while the latter could only be available in 47mm. Galaxy Watch 7 Ultra specifications (leaked) A report by Android Headlines spilled some details about the Galaxy Watch 7 and Galaxy Watch 7 Ultra. Samsung will reportedly pack a 3nm processor on the Galaxy Watch 7 series instead of the 5nm chipset in the Galaxy Watch 6. They are likely to offer 32GB of storage. The brand could position the Ultra model against Apple's Watch Ultra 2. The Galaxy Watch 7 Ultra will be reportedly available in a 47mm dial size with a Titanium case. It could be offered in beige, grey, and silver shades with a display tipped to deliver 3,000 nits peak brightness similar to the Apple Watch Ultra 2. The wearable is said to have a 10ATM water resistance certification, MIL-STD-810H durability, and IP58 rating. It could get a 590mAh battery, the same as that of the Galaxy Watch 5 Pro. It is said to be available in a single LTE and Bluetooth variant. Samsung Galaxy Watch 7 Ultra Renders Show New Design With Squarish Frame Galaxy Watch 7 specifications (expected) As per the report, the Galaxy Watch 7 will come in 40mm and 44mm sizes with green and cream colour options. The case of the wearable is said to use Samsung's Armor Aluminum 2 while the glass is said to be made of sapphire crystal. It is said to retain 5 ATM, IP68 with MIL-STD-810H certified build of its predecessor. The 40mm model is said to feature a 300mAh battery, while the 44mm variant could get a 425mAh battery. It could get a 2,000 nit peak brightness display.  Samsung's Galaxy AI Is Coming to Galaxy Watches With One UI 6 Watch   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp Business Rolling Out AI Chatbot and Meta Verified Badge, India Among First Markets to Get It" ,  WhatsApp Business is getting multiple new features, including a major artificial intelligence (AI) upgrade to help business owners intelligently automate some of their communication on the platform. The social media giant announced a new AI-powered chatbot for WhatsApp Business during an event in São Paulo. It has also rolled out the Meta Verified badge for these users. India is among the first markets to get these features. Additionally, the company is also testing a Call functionality for the business accounts. WhatsApp Business gets an AI assistant In the previous months, Meta has rolled out chatbots powered by its Llama-3 AI model to WhatsApp, Instagram, and Messenger in multiple markets. The Meta AI chatbot comes with all the general text-based capabilities of a large language model. Additionally, it can also generate images. Now, the company is rolling out a similar AI assistant for WhatsApp Business users. In a newsroom post, Meta said, “We're training AI to respond to the most popular questions businesses receive on WhatsApp, so they can quickly help customers find the answers they're seeking.” It appears the feature will not just send out pre-written responses but intelligently offer assistance based on the needs and requirements of the customer. It can also be used to market products and services to those who might be interested in them. The company is aiming to innovate communication automation with AI technology to make businesses rely more on them. WhatsApp Is Testing a Feature That Lets You Preview Status Updates This feature is currently under testing but will be rolled out in India and Singapore, followed by Brazil in the coming days. It is not known whether it will be rolled out in a limited capacity or to all WhatsApp Business users in the country. WhatsApp Business accounts get Meta verified badge After rolling it out to Facebook and Instagram, Meta Verified badges are now also being rolled out to WhatsApp Business accounts. These badges will appear as a white checkmark within a green starburst circle next to the name of the business. The badge will denote the businesses that have registered their information with Meta and receive advanced account support from the company. The Meta Verified badge will appear on the WhatsApp Channel and the custom WhatsApp page for the businesses. Meta Verified Badges have started rolling out in India, Brazil, Indonesia, and Colombia. WhatsApp Will Soon Let You Find Your Favourite Chats With a Tap


WhatsApp May Allow Users to Quickly Generate AI Images in Chats Apart from these, the social media giant is also testing a calling functionality for WhatsApp Business account holders. This will allow customers to call larger businesses on WhatsApp. Meta says this will enable businesses to quickly resolve their issues and get help for complicated requests. The social media giant did not specify a timeline for the launch of this feature. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung May Bring a New Way to Check Time on Galaxy Devices, Even With the Screen Off: Report" ,  Samsung is reportedly working on introducing a new way to check time on Galaxy devices, according to claims by a tipster on a social media platform. It is said to allow users to check the time even when the device's screen is turned off. The feature will reportedly be activated via a simple gesture. This feature may be offered in the Good Lock app instead of being natively integrated into the device's operating system, it is speculated. New way to check time on Galaxy phones In an X post, tipster Tarun Vats shared details about this rumoured feature that Samsung is said to be developing. It was spotted in the Good Lock app's Regista module. At present, the app allows Samsung users to customise their lock screens and the overall UI of the device. As per the claims, an update for the RegiStar module is currently in development which may enable users to check time on their devices via a simple gesture requiring a double tap on the back, even when the screen is turned off. The tipster claims it may be known as “Check Time with Back Tap”. The feature is said to be in development right now. It is also speculated that it may arrive with the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Flip 6 running on One UI 6.1.1, which are reported to launch at the Galaxy Unpacked event in July. However, other devices may get it later on with One UI 7, which could potentially be Samsung's Android 15 update. One UI 6.1.1 update Samsung is also reported to be developing the One UI 6.1.1 update for its smartphones. Notably, it may bring major camera improvements to the Galaxy S24 Ultra. The Ultra, which debuted in January, is reported to be having issues related to shutter lag, motion blur, and poor zoom quality. According to tipster Ice Universe, the update may “include a lot of camera updates”. However, it is said to be still in its early stages and will undergo testing for a considerable amount of time before being released to the public. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Motorola Edge 50 Ultra India Launch Confirmed; to Offer Wood Textured Rear Panel" ,  Motorola Edge 50 Ultra was introduced globally in April this year alongside the Motorola Edge 50 Fusion, which is currently available in India. Now, the top-of-the-line Ultra version has been teased to launch soon in the country. The Motorola Edge 50 Ultra features a Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC and a 4,500mAh battery with both wired and wireless fast charging support. Notably, another phone in the Motorola Edge 50 lineup, namely the Motorola Edge 50 Pro was launched in India in April. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra India launch The Motorola India handle on X (formerly Twitter) shared a teaser of a smartphone with the "coming soon" tag. The image only shows a hollowed-out back panel of the upcoming handset. The wooden textured rear panel and the camera unit placements confirm that it is the Motorola Edge 50 Ultra, particularly its Nordic Wood variant. This is backed by the text in the image which reads, "'Wood' you believe it?" Set yourself up to reconnect with the world around you and experience the proximity of nature. pic.twitter.com/6NN8crjFO2— Motorola India (@motorolaindia) June 7, 2024 The upcoming Indian variant of the Motorola Edge 50 Ultra is expected to share similar specifications as its global counterpart. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra specifications, features The Motorola Edge 50 Ultra sports a 6.7-inch 144Hz full-HD+ pOLED screen. It is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 SoC paired with up to 16GB of LPDDR5x RAM and up to 1TB of UFS 4.0 onboard storage and ships with Android 14-based Hello UI. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra, Edge 50 Fusion With Pantone-Validated Displays Launched For optics, the Motorola Edge 50 Ultra is equipped with a triple rear camera unit that includes a 50-megapixel primary rear sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support, another 50-megapixel sensor with an ultra-wide-angle lens, and a 64-megapixel telephoto shooter with up to 3x optical zoom. The front camera houses a 50-megapixel sensor. Motorola Edge 50 Fusion With Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC Launched in India


Motorola Edge 50 Pro Review: Best Mid-Range Phone You Can Buy? Motorola Edge 50 Ultra packs a 4,500mAh battery with support for 125W wired and 50W wireless fast charging. Connectivity options include dual 5G, 4G, Wi-Fi, GPS, GLONASS, Galileo, Beidou, NavIC, NFC, Bluetooth 5.4, and a USB Type-C port. It carries an in-display fingerprint sensor for security and an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance.   OnePlus Nord 3 brings some serious upgrades over its predecessor, including some flagship-grade specifications. We discuss this and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Assassin's Creed Mirage Now Available on iPhone, iPad; Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown Coming to Mac" ,  Assassin's Creed Mirage is now available on the Apple App Store on iPhone and iPad. The open-world action-adventure title, which first launched on consoles and PC in October 2023, can be downloaded and played on iPhone 15 Pro, iPhone 15 Pro Max, and iPad Air and iPad Pro with the M1 chip or later. Ubisoft also announced two other titles for Apple devices — Rabbids: Legends of the Multiverse, available now on Apple Arcade, and Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown, coming to Mac later this year. Assassin's Creed Mirage Now Available on App Store Ubisoft said that the Assassin's Creed Mirage introduction will be playable for free. Additionally, players can buy the game on the App Store for a 50 percent discount till June 20. After the discount, the game is available at Rs. 1,749 in India. The full version of the Assassin's Creed Mirage also supports universal purchase, which means once purchased, the game will be playable on all compatible Apple devices. The game will also support cross-progression and cross-save through Ubisoft Connect, allowing players to transfer their progress across all available platforms. Assassin's Creed Mirage Is Coming to iPhone and iPad on June 6 Assassin's Creed Mirage is the first console Assassin's Creed title that can be played natively on mobile devices. The game first launched on PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One and Xbox Series S/X on October 5 last year.  Assassin's Creed Mirage on iPhone 15 ProPhoto Credit: Ubisoft Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown Announced for Mac Ubisoft also announced that Rabbids: Legends of the Multiverse for Apple Arcade game subscription service, playable across iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple TV, and Apple Vision Pro. Additionally, Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown was confirmed to launch on Mac devices this winter. The Metroidvania platformer, which released on PC, PlayStation and Xbox consoles, and Nintendo Switch in January, is now up for pre-order on the App Store. While the release date is not confirmed, the App Store listing says the game is expected to launch on December 3, 2024. Prince of Persia on Mac is being developed by Ubisoft Da Nang. According to the publisher, the game will use Metal hardware-accelerated 3D graphics, to deliver smooth frame rates on Apple computers.  Is PS Plus better than Xbox Game Pass now? We discuss this on Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Confirms Galaxy AI for Galaxy Z Fold 6, Galaxy Z Flip 6; Live Translate to Support Third-Party Apps" ,  Samsung is expected to announce Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 at its next Galaxy Unpacked event. As we wait for the grand launch event, the South Korean tech brand confirmed that the next generation of Samsung foldable devices will come with Galaxy AI, just like the Galaxy S24 series. Samsung deployed AI features in its smartphones with the launch of the Galaxy S24 trio in January. The Galaxy AI suite offers a variety of features from the likes of real-time translations to image editing. Further, Live Translate, part of its Galaxy AI suite, is confirmed to be compatible with third-party apps soon. Through a blog post on Friday (June 7), Won-joon Choi, EVP and Head of Mobile R and D Office, for Samsung's mobile experience business, announced that upcoming Samsung foldables would include optimised Galaxy AI features. He states that pairing Galaxy AI with its foldable phones will "unlock all new possibilities." Additionally, Samsung has confirmed that the Live Translate feature that lets users hear live translations during phone calls, will expand to third-party apps soon to support voice calls. The company has not revealed details about supported apps but popular messaging apps like WhatsApp or Telegram are expected to be part of the list. Samsung's Galaxy AI Is Coming to Galaxy Watches With One UI 6 Watch The confirmation of Galaxy AI in Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6 coincides with an alleged marketing image that surfaced online earlier this week. The image included “Galaxy AI” text alongside the renders of foldable phones. They are widely expected to be released at an upcoming Galaxy Unpacked event, rumoured to take place on July 10. Samsung introduced AI features with the Galaxy S24 series in January. The Galaxy AI suite includes features like Chat Assist, Live Translate, Interpreter Mode, Circle to Search, Summarisation, Note Assist, and Transcript Assist among others.  Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Could Feature UFS 4.1 Storage   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google’s Find My Device to Reportedly Get UWB, AR Features to Help Find Lost Devices Quicker" ,  Google's Find My Device app may get ultra-wideband (UWB) and augmented reality (AR) features, making it easier to locate lost or stolen devices, according to a report. The Find My Device service helps Android users locate lost devices by scanning nearby devices using Bluetooth. Both these features are speculated to bring an upgrade, enabling precision finding of devices. As per the report, hints of the features were spotted during an APK teardown of the Android app. Find My Device new features An Android Authority report, in collaboration with tipster Assemble Debug, suggested that mentions of the UWB features were spotted in an APK teardown of the Find My Device app version 3.1.078-1. It is reported that UWBAdapter libraries were found in the app's code. This feature is speculated to bring precision finding to the app. Apple, one of Google's biggest competitors, already utilises UWB technology in its AirTag, enabling users to find lost or stolen items with precision. It can provide directions leading to the device, sometimes as close as a few feet, helping in pinpointing it. However, Google does not utilise this tech yet, but that may soon change. Gmail for Android May Get Reply Suggestions, Other Gemini AI Features Alongside UWB, the report also suggested that AR technology may also be integrated into the Find My Device app. The app's code mentioned support for ARCore – Google's software development kit (SDK) which allows developers to create augmented reality experiences. According to Google, it utilises the device's sensors and APIs to interact with information. However, the findings do not reportedly reveal exactly how both of these technologies will be used to enhance Find My Device. The report speculates that UWB may locate the lost device with accuracy, and then the user could turn on the device's camera to get directions using AR overlays. OpenAI, Google DeepMind Workers Demand the Right to Warn About AI Risks


Google Keep Might Soon Introduce This Long-Awaited Feature on Android Both of these features are reportedly still in development with no information about their release timeline. It is speculated that Google may or may not introduce these features, but if it does, they are likely to first arrive with a future beta version of the app, allowing select users to test its functionalities. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple to Unveil AI-Powered Smart Replies Feature for the Mail App at WWDC 2024: Report" ,  Apple could introduce an AI-powered Smart Replies feature to its native Mail app, as per a report. The Smart Reply feature will be able to use artificial intelligence (AI) to instantly generate responses to emails in the inbox. The tech giant is reported to unveil the feature at the upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 scheduled for June 10. Siri is said to be equipped with the Smart Replies feature as well, which would allow it to generate messages and reply to emails on the user's behalf. Reportedly, these AI-led upgrades are being developed by Apple's Project BlackPearl. Apple to add AI-Powered features to the Mail App According to a report by AppleInsider, the Mail app is set for a major upgrade. Citing people familiar with the matter, it claimed that a Smart Replies feature will be able to generate email replies and help users respond to emails quickly. It is also said to be able to change the tonality of the responses. For instance, users can ask the reply to be more professional, more conversational, or friendlier. The report claimed that the pre-release version of Apple's upcoming operating systems also showed more upgrades for the Mail app. The search results of the app were seen to include data from Contacts, locations, and on-device documents. This is reported to add a more nuanced search function for the Mail app. These features are said to be powered by the Ajax large language model (LLM), Apple's yet-to-be-announced on-device AI model. Further, the Mail app might be able to categorise emails based on their text, claimed the report. This could mean that Apple will be equipping the Mail app with machine learning technology to analyse emails. The report highlighted that the app might be able to classify emails into one of the six pre-defined lists among Commerce, News, Other, Promotions, Social, and Transactions. This could be useful for those who receive a large number of emails. Official email accounts of organisations may also benefit from it. Additionally, the report claims that Smart Replies and email categorisation features will also be added to Siri. While it is difficult to gauge the use case for the latter, the former will allow users to verbally respond to emails with AI-generated content. Apple AI-Based Siri Overhaul May Let You Control Individual App Functions


Apple’s AI Deal With OpenAI Could Be Worth Billions of Dollars: Report


Apple’s AI Features Will Reportedly Maintain User Privacy This Way Apart from these, a previous report has highlighted that Apple might add AI features for Siri, Photos app, Notes app, and more. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Oppo Reno 12F 5G, Reno 12F 4G Price Range, Key Features Surface Online; Said to Get Triple Rear Cameras" ,  Oppo Reno 12F 5G recently appeared on several certification sites hinting at an imminent launch. The company is yet to announce the model or confirm any of its details, but online listings have suggested a few key expected features. Now, a tipster has leaked several more specifications of the handset. The new phone will succeed the Oppo Reno 11F 5G, which was unveiled in February this year. The tipster adds that the phone may launch alongside a 4G variant. Oppo Reno 12F 5G, Oppo Reno 12F 4G price, colour options (expected) The launch price of the Oppo Reno 12F 4G in Southeast Asian markets will likely be "no less than $300 (roughly Rs. 25,000)," according to a post by X user Chun Bhai (@chunvn8888). Although they did not explicitly suggest a price point for the 5G variant of the handset, it is expected that the Oppo Reno 12F 5G will be priced higher than its 4G counterpart. Oppo Reno 12F 5G and the Reno 12F 4G are tipped to be offered in three colour options - green, grey, and orange. Oppo Reno 12F 5G May Launch Soon Globally, and in India Oppo Reno 12F 5G, Oppo Reno 12F 4G specifications (expected) The tipster added that the Oppo Reno 12F 5G and the Reno 12F 4G are likely to be powered by MediaTek Dimensity 6300 and Qualcomm Snapdragon 680 SoC, respectively. They also claimed that the 4G version is not expected to support NFC, but it is unclear if the 5G option will offer the feature. Both 4G and 5G variants of the Oppo Reno 12F are claimed to get a triple rear camera unit including a 50-megapixel OV50D primary sensor alongside an 8-megapixel sensor and a 2-megapixel sensor. The phones will likely have an LED ring around the camera module. The front cameras of the handsets are likely to hold 32-megapixel Sony IMX615 sensors each. Oppo Reno 12F 5G, Oppo Reno 12F 4G launch (expected) Oppo Reno 12F 5G has previously been spotted on several certification sites including TDRA, EEC, and the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS). The latter listing suggests that the phone will likely be available in India. It may launch with a different moniker since the Oppo Reno 11F 5G was introduced in India as the Oppo F25 Pro 5G. Oppo Reno 12 Series, Next Find X Flagship Confirmed to Launch Globally The 5G version of the Oppo Reno 12F is also expected to launch in several other Asian as well as some European markets. The launch timeline has not yet been confirmed or leaked. Oppo Reno 12, Reno 12 Pro With 50-Megapixel Front Cameras Launched However, no information is currently available regarding the launch of the Oppo Reno 12F 4G. We should learn more about it in the coming days.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Outlook Mobile App for Android, iPhone Gets New Features With Latest Update" ,  Microsoft Outlook received new features for its app on Android and iOS on Monday. The features were introduced as part of app updates on both platforms. According to Microsoft, the Compose and calendar functionalities have been improved on its iPhone app whereas the update for its Android app brings enhancements to events, search, and calendar. Furthermore, bug fixes have also been rolled out for both platforms. Microsoft Outlook iOS app new features According to release notes, Microsoft Outlook for iOS adds the Report Message option to the swipe action list. It also brings the ability to use a local account in Office 365 Box, the company's content cloud where users can securely store their files online and easily share them. The Compose feature is also claimed to be updated and users can now resend messages from the Sent folder. Furthermore, Teams meeting chat can now be accessed from the event details in the calendar. Microsoft 365 Copilot Expands Support for Indian Regional Languages Microsoft Outlook Android app new features On Android, the Outlook app update brings improvements to events, search, calendar and box. Microsoft says users can now search past events for up to one year, compared to the previous cap of six months. Additionally, a Teams tab has been added through which Teams chat messages can be searched. When a message is selected, it will open up the same message in the Teams mobile app. Users who do not have the app will be redirected to the Google Play Store instead, Microsoft claims. It also brings the same functionality to Compose and events as introduced on iOS. Microsoft says the update for Outlook for Android fixes an issue that prevented the single sign-on flow from succeeding for Microsoft 365 accounts in some cases. Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 Confirmed to Launch Day One on Xbox Game Pass These features were introduced with Outlook for Android and iOS app version 4.2418.0. Microsoft Copilot on Telegram In another recent development, Microsoft integrated its artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot Copilot with Telegram, with a limit of 30 turns per day. It enables Telegram users to converse with the chatbot, ask questions and browse the internet. Gmail for Android May Get Reply Suggestions, Other Gemini AI Features Currently, the feature is released in beta, although it has been made available to all users for free. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "HTC Teases New Phone Launch on June 12, Could Be HTC U24 Series" ,  HTC is bringing yet another U-series smartphone to the brand's home country. On Thursday (June 6), HTC teased the arrival of a new smartphone through a social media post without revealing its moniker. The phone will launch next week and is being speculated to be the HTC U24 and HTC U24 Pro. The Pro model is expected to be powered by a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC. They could debut as a successor to the last year's HTC U23 and HTC U23 Pro. HTC to announce a new phone Through social media posts, HTC Taiwan revealed the launch of a new smartphone in the country. The launch event will take place at 8:00am (IST) on June 12. The poster shows the side profile of a phone with the coming soon tag. Although HTC has not disclosed the moniker, based on early rumours, the HTC U24 or HTC U24 Pro is anticipated to break cover next week.  HTC U24 series specifications (expected) That said, back in April an HTC smartphone, likely to be the rumoured HTC U24 Pro with model number 2QDA100 was spotted on Geekbench and Bluetooth SIG websites. The listing suggested Qualcomm's Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC on the phone. It was shown with 12GB of RAM, Android 14, and Bluetooth 5.3 connectivity. It has scored 3,006 and 1,095 points on the multi-core and single-core tests on Geekbench, respectively. HTC Teases New Smartphone Launch, HTC U24 Series Seems to Be in Works HTC U24 and HTC U24 Pro are expected to come with upgrades over the HTC U23 and HTC U23 Pro, respectively. The upcoming models could retain full HD+ 120Hz OLED displays and IP67 certified build. Xiaomi 14 Civi Will Bring Leica-Xiaomi Collaboration Under Rs 50,000 The HTC U23 and HTC U23 Pro feature 6.7-inch full-HD+ (1,080x 2,400 pixels) OLED display panels with a refresh rate of 120Hz. They run on Snapdragon 7 Gen 1 SoC, paired with up to 12GB RAM and up to 256GB inbuilt storage. The HTC U23 has a triple rear camera unit, led by 64-megapixel primary sensor. The quad rear camera unit of the HTC U23 Pro is headlined by a 108-megapixel primary sensor. Both phones feature a 32-megapixel front camera. They house 4,600mAh batteries with 30W wired fast charging and 15W wireless charging supports. 




title = "Infinix Note 40 Series Racing Edition With Up to 100W Fast Charging Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  Infinix Note 40 series Racing Edition was unveiled on Thursday. The lineup, which includes the Racing Edition versions of the Infinix Note 40, Note 40 5G, Note 40 Pro, Note 40 Pro 5G, and Note 40 Pro+ 5G, come with a new design. The Racing Edition phones were made in collaboration with BMW Group Designworks and offer silver finishes, vertical ridges, and red and blue accents next to the camera modules. Apart from the design, all handsets are similar to their standard versions. Infinix Note 40 Series Racing Edition price, availability The Infinix Note 40 Racing Edition starts at $209 (roughly Rs. 17,400), while the Note 40 5G Racing Edition starts at $259 (roughly Rs. 21,600). The 4G and 5G versions of the Infinix Note 40 Pro Racing Edition start from $279 (roughly Rs. 23,300) and $309 (roughly Rs. 25,800), respectively. The top-of-the-line Infinix Note 40 Pro+ 5G Racing Edition starts from $329 (roughly Rs. 27,500). All the Infinix Note 40 series Racing Edition handsets are currently available in several markets globally. The company noted that the price and availability details will vary based on region. Infinix Note 40 Pro 5G Series With Dimensity 7020 SoC Launched in India Infinix Note 40 Series Racing Edition specifications, features The specifications for the Infinix Note 40 series Racing Edition smartphones remain unchanged from the standard versions that were unveiled earlier this year. The newly-launched variants differ only in their design. They come in silver colourways with a 'Wings of Speed' design which is claimed to have been made with advanced UV transfer printing. The rear panel has vertical ridges that are said to offer improved grip. Besides, there are vertical pill-shaped red-deep blue-light blue accents placed next to the rear camera module on the phones. Infinix Note 40 and Note 40 Pro are powered by MediaTek Helio G99 SoCs, while the 5G variants of the base and Pro models, as well as the Note 40 Pro+ carry MediaTek Dimensity 7020 chipsets. The Note 40 and Note 40 Pro phones also pack 5,000mAh batteries each, while the Pro+ version has a 4,600mAh battery. Infinix Note 40 Pro 5G, Note 40 With 108-Megapixel Cameras Debut: See Prices


Infinix Note 40 Pro+ 5G, Note 40 Pro Debut With Up to 100W Fast Charging The top-of-the-line Note 40 Pro+ supports 100W wired fast charging, while the 4G and 5G variants of the base Note 40 support 45W fast charging. Meanwhile, the 4G and 5G versions of the Note 40 Pro support 70W and 45W fast charging respectively. All handsets ship with Android 14-based XOS. The phones are also equipped with 108-megapixel triple rear camera units and 32-megapixel selfie shooters.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Galaxy Buds 3, Buds 3 Pro Specifications Leak; Tipped to Get IP57 Rating, Up to 30 Hours Battery Life" ,  Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 series is expected to be announced at the next Galaxy Unpacked event. The company has yet to announce the date of the event, but recent reports claim that it could take place in July. The next generation of Galaxy Buds, succeeding the Galaxy Buds 2 and Galaxy Buds 2 Pro, is said to comprise a base and a 'pro' model. These headsets are likely to be unveiled alongside the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Galaxy Z Flip 6. A new leak has hinted at several other specifications and features of the purported true wireless earphones. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3, Buds 3 Pro Specifications (Rumoured) The Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 series is likely to launch with an IP57 rating for dust and water resistance, according to an Android Headlines report. Both models are expected to support Samsung's SmartThings Find and will likely be offered in Silver and White colour options. The publication states that the Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro is expected to feature a two-way speaker and be equipped with adaptive noise control, blade lights, and ambient sound. The base version is not likely to get any of these features and carry a one-way speaker. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 May Launch With This Major Redesign With the active noise cancellation (ANC) feature on, the base Galaxy Buds 3 is expected to offer a playback time of up to five hours, and up to six hours with ANC turned off. The report also claims that the Galaxy Buds 3 Pro, on the other hand, may offer up to six hours of battery life with ANC on and up to seven hours with ANC off. The Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro is expected to offer up to 30 hours of total battery life, while the Galaxy Buds 3 may provide a total battery life of up to 24 hours. The sizes of the charging cases of the earphones are also likely to vary, according to the report. Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 Pro Battery Capacity Surfaces Online


Samsung’s Next Galaxy Unpacked Event to Be Held in Paris: Report Samsung Galaxy Buds 3, Galaxy Buds 3 Pro Design (Rumoured) The Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 series has previously been tipped to get stems in a kidney bean-shaped design. This change, if true, is expected to reduce the bulk of the earbuds, increase comfort and fit as well as possibly improve call quality as the mics are likely to be placed towards the end of the stems.   Samsung launched the Galaxy Z Fold 5 and Galaxy Z Flip 5 alongside the Galaxy Tab S9 series and Galaxy Watch 6 series at its first Galaxy Unpacked event in South Korea. We discuss the company's new devices and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Wix Launches AI-Powered Mobile App Builder That Can Create Apps With Text Prompts" ,  Wix launched a new AI-powered chatbot for its mobile App Builder platform on Wednesday. The cloud-based no-code platform development company introduced artificial intelligence (AI) tools to its app-building platform just months after introducing its AI-powered end-to-end website development tool. The platform not only lets users create a branded app for businesses, but it also deploys the app to the App Store on iOS and Android's Google Play Store. Users can also release version updates and new features through it. Wix Launches AI-Powered App Builder Chatbot In a press release, the company announced that it is automating the entire app-building experience for its users. The no-code company previously allowed users to build apps without requiring knowledge of backend and frontend software development, allowing them to customise and build a frontend using easy-to-use tools, while creating the backend. As part of the automated app-building upgrade, the company is making the process simpler for Wix users, by making it easier to pick the right looks and features for their smartphone apps. Wix is calling the tool a “conversational AI chat experience”. As the name suggests, there is a chatbot that asks the user several questions about the app, and based on the information provided it can create a customised app. OpenAI, Google DeepMind Workers Demand the Right to Warn About AI Risks How the Wix AI-Powered App Builder Works The process begins by telling the AI the goals and intent of creating the app. Once it confirms the layout for the mobile app, it asks questions about the features the users want in the app. Users do not need to provide the information in technical terms and can just highlight the purpose. The AI can still process that information to show relevant features. At this point, users can upload a logo for the app and the final design is then generated. In case the user prefers making specific changes to the app, they will still have the editing tools to do so. Wix also extends support to its users after the app has been created. It can also submit the app to the Google Play Store and the App Store. Once it goes live, the platform can be used to release version updates and new features. The company provides a dashboard through which users can check all app activities as well. Stability AI Releases an Open-Source Sound Sample Generator


Why Humane Is Telling Users to Stop Using AI Pin Charging Case The platform and access to the AI chatbot are currently available to the paid subscribers of the App Builder. The subscription price starts at $99 (roughly Rs. 8,300) a month, according to the company's website. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Gmail for Android Will Reportedly Be Upgraded With Email Summarisation, Other Gemini-Powered Capabilities" ,  Gmail for Android app is likely to be upgraded with new features powered by its artificial intelligence (AI) model Gemini, according to a report. It is tipped to bring a dedicated Gemini button to the Android app which may offer more functionality beyond generating summaries of emails, with the ability to handle “non-email queries”. These additions are reportedly part of an update that only limited users have access to right now and could eventually be expanded to all users. for AI Features Android Authority reports that the features were spotted in the Gmail for Android app version 2024.05.26.638440827 and were activated after enabling some flags. The update brings notable AI capabilities via the Gemini button, which was already available to Workspace users but recently arrived on another beta version of Gmail for Android. It reportedly introduces three new quick prompts: Summarize this email, List the next steps, and Suggest a reply. Tapping any of the above-mentioned options opens up a conversation with the AI chatbot. OpenAI, Google DeepMind Workers Demand the Right to Warn About AI Risks The Gemini button can also be used to generate replies for emails and tweak them for different tones., according to the publication. It can also access content from previous emails but on a “limited” scale. Notably, Google reportedly introduced the Gemini button in Gmail for Android beta app version 2024.05.19.635289964. It is said to appear as a star-shaped icon on the top banner, preceding the archive option. Gemini on Google Messages Google has also reportedly rolled out the Gemini integration in Google Messages. This feature was first showcased at Google I/O 2024 and can execute message-related tasks such as drafting, rephrasing and rewriting them with different tones. Additionally, users can also have conversations and ask it to fetch information from the internet. Google Keep Might Soon Introduce This Long-Awaited Feature on Android


Google Maps Set to Roll Out a Big Privacy Feature Soon: Report However, it cannot be used in group conversations or group chats on WhatsApp. It does not have access to voice messages either, the report suggests. Google has reportedly introduced this feature in most regions except India, the UK, Switzerland, and the EEA region comprised of the 27 EU countries as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus Ace 3 Pro Leaked Schematics Hint at Curved Edges, Hole-Punch Display Cutout" ,  OnePlus Ace 3 Pro is assumed to be announced later this year as a follow-up to last year's OnePlus Ace 2 Pro. We have heard a handful of interesting rumours about the device regarding its processor, screen resolution, fast charging ability and more. Now, recently leaked schematics offer us a good look at the design of the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro. It seems to get a OnePlus Ace 3-inspired look with a hole punch display design and curved edges. OnePlus Ace 3 Pro Design (Rumoured) Chinese tipster Digital Chat Station leaked what appears to be a rough OnePlus Ace 3 Pro schematic, showing the OnePlus Ace 3-like design with some slight alterations. It appears to have a curved edge screen on the front and the screen has a centrally located hole punch cutout for the selfie shooter. On the rear, a round camera module appears to be flushed to the left side. The camera module includes four cutouts and a pill-shaped flash. The volume button and power button are seen on the left edge, while an alert slider appears to be arranged on the right side.  OnePlus Ace 3 Pro leaked schematics  OnePlus is yet to confirm the existence of the purported OnePlus Ace 3 Pro, but rumours claim that the handset will be launched in the third quarter of this year. Therefore, it is recommended to take every leak related to the purported handset with some scepticism. OnePlus 13 Early Leak Points to Three 50-Megapixel Rear Cameras OnePlus Ace 3 Pro Specifications (Rumoured) As per previous leaks, the OnePlus Ace 3 Pro will run on Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC and get an 8T LTPO curved screen with 1.5K resolution. It is tipped to feature a metal middle frame and a glass body. Other leaked specifications include a 50-megapixel primary sensor and offer 100W fast charging support. The OnePlus Ace 3 Pro will succeed the OnePlus Ace 2 Pro. The latter was launched in August last year in China with a price tag of CNY 2,999 (roughly Rs. 34,600) for the base model with 12GB of RAM and 256GB of storage. It's predecessor, the OnePlus Ace 2 Pro was equipped with a 6.74-inch full-HD+ (1,240x2,772 pixels) curved AMOLED display with a 120Hz refresh rate. It is fueled by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC and sports a triple rear camera setup led by a 50-megapixel Sony IMX890 sensor. A 16-megapixel selfie camera 5,000mAh battery with support for 150W SuperVOOC charging are the other key highlights of the phone. OnePlus Community Sale to Bring Big Discounts on These Phones and Tablets    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G India Launch Date Set for June 13; Design, Colours, Key Features Revealed" ,  Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G is confirmed to launch in India soon. The company has revealed the launch date of the handset alongside its design, colour options and a few key specifications. The upcoming smartphone was previously tipped to debut as a rebranded version of the Oppo A3 Pro, which was introduced in China in April. The design of the Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G shared by the company appears to bolster this claim. It is likely that the phone will also share similar specifications as the Oppo A3 Pro. Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G Launch, Design, Colour Options The Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G will launch in India on June 13, the company announced on Thursday. The phone is also listed on the company's website, which reveals that it will launch in two colour options - Dusk Pink and Midnight Navy. It will also be available in 8GB + 128GB and 8GB + 256GB RAM and storage configurations. The design of the Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G shows a circular camera module with a silver ring-like border placed centrally towards the top of the back panel. The vegan leather cover has a polycarbonate vertical stripe down the middle, within which the 'Oppo' branding appears towards the bottom. The right edge holds the volume rocker and power button. The curved display is seen with very slim bezels and a centre-aligned hole-punch cutout at the top. Oppo Reno 12 Series, Next Find X Flagship Confirmed to Launch Globally Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G Specifications The Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G is confirmed to come with IP69, IP68 and IP66 certifications for dust and water resistance. The handset is also claimed to feature a MIL-STD 810H build as well as a Swiss SGS Premium Performance 5 Stars Drop Resistance certification. The company also says that the Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G will sport a 3D curved AMOLED screen with Corning Gorilla Glass Victus 2 protection. The phone is confirmed to measure 7.89mm in thickness and weigh 177g. Since the Oppo F27 Pro+ 5G is expected to launch as a rebranded Oppo A3 Pro, it is likely to share similar specifications as the latter. Oppo to Bring Over 100 GenAI Features to Its Smartphones This Year


Oppo Reno 12F 5G May Launch Soon Globally, and in India Oppo A3 Pro Specifications The Oppo A3 Pro is powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 7050 SoC, and packs a 5,000mAh battery with 67W wired fast charging support. It features a 6.7-inch 120Hz full-HD+ AMOLED curved screen, a 64-megapixel dual rear camera unit and an 8-megapixel selfie shooter. Pricing for the handset in China starts at CNY 1,999 (roughly Rs. 23,000) for the 8GB + 256GB RAM and storage configuration.   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OpenAI, Google DeepMind Employees Warn of AI Risks, Demand Better Whistleblower Protection Policies" ,  OpenAI and Google DeepMind are among the top tech companies at the forefront of building artificial intelligence (AI) systems and capabilities. However, several current and former employees of these organisations have now signed an open letter claiming that there is little to no oversight in building these systems and that not enough attention is being paid toward major risks posed by this technology. The open letter is endorsed by two of the three 'godfathers' of AI, Geoffrey Hinton and Yoshua Bengio and seeks better whistleblower protection policies from their employers. OpenAI, Google DeepMind Employees Demand Right to Warn about AI The open letter states that it was written by current and former employees at major AI companies who believe in the potential of AI to deliver unprecedented benefits to humanity. It also points towards the risks posed by the technology which include strengthening societal inequalities, spreading misinformation and manipulation, and even losing control over AI systems that could lead to human extinction. The open letter highlights that the self-governance structure implemented by these tech giants is ineffective in ensuring scrutiny of these risks. It also claimed that “strong financial incentives” further incentivise companies to overlook the potential danger AI systems can cause. GPT-4o Review: This Is How OpenAI’s Latest AI Model Performs Claiming that AI companies are already aware of AI's capabilities, limitations, and risk levels of different kinds of harm, the open letter questions their intention to take corrective measures. “They currently have only weak obligations to share some of this information with governments, and none with civil society. We do not think they can all be relied upon to share it voluntarily,” it states. The open letter has made four demands from their employers. First, the employees want companies to not enter into or enforce any agreement that prohibits their criticism for risk-related concerns. Second, they have asked for a verifiably anonymous process for current and former employees to raise risk-related concerns to the company's board, to regulators, and to an appropriate independent organisation. The employees also urge the organisations to develop a culture of open criticism. Finally, the open letter highlights that employers should not retaliate against existing and former employees who publicly share risk-related confidential information after other processes have failed. Apple’s AI Deal With OpenAI Could Be Worth Billions of Dollars: Report A total of 13 former and current employees of OpenAI and Google DeepMind have signed the letter. Aside from the two 'godfathers' of AI, British computer scientist Stuart Russell has also endorsed this move. Former OpenAI Employee Speaks on AI Risks One of the former employees of OpenAI who signed the open letter, Daniel Kokotajlo, also made a series of posts on X (formerly known as Twitter), highlighting his experience at the company and the risks of AI. He claimed that when he resigned from the company, he was asked to sign a nondisparagement clause to prevent him from saying anything critical of the company. He also claimed that the company threatened Kokotajlo with taking away his vested equity for refusing to sign the agreement. Kokotajlo claimed that the neural nets of AI systems are rapidly growing from the large datasets being fed to them. Further, he added that there were no adequate measures in place to monitor the risks. Google Gemini May Soon Let You Play Songs from Spotify “There is a lot we don't understand about how these systems work and whether they will remain aligned to human interests as they get smarter and possibly surpass human-level intelligence in all arenas,” he added. Notably, OpenAI is building Model Spec, a document through which it aims to better guide the company in building ethical AI technology. Recently, it also created a Safety and Security Committee. Kokotajlo applauded these promises in one of the posts. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "HTech Partners With nStore to Offer Honor Products on Paytm via ONDC Network" ,  HTech has joined hands with nStore in India. The nStore is a participant in the Open Network for Digital Commerce (ONDC) Network and the new collaboration will allow HTech to make their smartphones, smartwatches, and earphones available on the ONDC network in the country. With this latest development, shoppers in India can buy Honor products through the Paytm app. Honor's smartphones are currently available in the country via Amazon and Flipkart. HTech to Bring Honor Phones to Customers via ONDC Honor's India distributor HTech on Thursday announced its partnership with nStore. As mentioned, the move will let shoppers access Honor's entire product range via the Paytm app. The brand is offering Honor X9b smartphone, Honor Choice Earbuds X5 and Honor Choice Watch through the app. Honor's upcoming offerings are also confirmed to be available on the ONDC Network Some Honor devices are already available for purchase via Amazon and Flipkart. With the latest expansion, the brand is aiming to meet the local needs of customers. "Through ONDC Network, we are confident not only to enhance our overall reach but also meet the local needs of our customers by providing access to best-in-class features and capabilities packed across our product line-up,” said HTech CEO Madhav Sheth. Honor Magic V Flip Will Be Unveiled Next Week; Specifications Teased HTech to Expand Smartphone Portfolio in India Honor marked its return to the Indian market after a three-year break in September 2023, with the launch of the Honor 90 5G through HTech. The brand is actively working to widen its product portfolio in the country. It is expected to bring the China-exclusive Magic 6 and Honor Magic 6 Pro smartphones to the country soon. The Honor 200 5G lineup is also confirmed to make its debut soon. However, their launch dates are still under wraps. Sheth last month hinted at the arrival of the foldables to the country. Honor's latest foldable series includes the regular Honor Magic V2 and Honor Magic V2 RSR. They run on the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 SoC. Honor 200 Series With 50-Megapixel Front Cameras Launched: See Price  




title = "CMF Phone 1 Launch Confirmed; Rear Panel Design Teased Ahead of Debut" ,  CMF Phone 1 will soon be launched as the Nothing sub brand's first smartphone. CMF by Nothing has officially announced the moniker and confirmed the upcoming launch of the handset. It has also teased a key design element of the upcoming smartphone. CMF is a sub brand of the UK-based startup led by OnePlus Co-Founder Carl Pei and focuses on innovative designs. Previous reports have claimed that the CMF Phone 1 could be a rebranded Nothing Phone 2a, which was introduced in March this year, but with a markedly different design. CMF Phone 1 Set to Launch Soon CMF by Nothing officially confirmed the CMF Phone 1 is "coming soon" in a post on X. The post also suggests that the upcoming handset will make its debut as an entry-level smartphone. Notably, an earlier leak about the CMF Phone 1 also suggested that it could be an entry-level offering priced around Rs. 12,000 in the country. The smartphone maker is yet to officially announce plans to launch the handset in India. Nothing’s Recently Teased Smartphone Could Be the CMF Phone 1 CMF Phone 1 Design Teased Although no other details about the handset have been confirmed, the company has shared a teaser image of the CMF Phone 1 in the aforementioned post. It reveals an orange faux-leather panel with what appears to be a circular dial placed in a corner, similar to the one found on the CMF Buds charging case. The dial on the TWS earphones case served as a lanyard holder. It is not yet known if the dial will serve a different purpose on the handset. Introducing CMF Phone 1. Wonderful by design.Leveraging @nothing's innovation and meticulous attention to design, it serves as a wonderful entry point to our entire product ecosystem.As others overlook this category, we're giving it our full attention.Coming soon. pic.twitter.com/gaeRCjuTC9— CMF by Nothing (@cmfbynothing) June 6, 2024 Notably, the Glyph interface found on all Nothing smartphones including the Phone 2a, has been absent from all CMF Phone 1 teasers and leaks. CMF Phone 1 Specifications, Features (Leaked) The CMF Phone 1 has previously been tipped to sport a 6.7-inch 120Hz OLED screen with thick bezels. It is expected to be powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 7200 SoC paired with 6GB RAM. The phone is also likely to support 128GB and 256GB of UFS 2.2 onboard storage. It is expected to ship with NothingOS 2.6.0, a version that is not yet publicly available. CMF by Nothing Phone 1 Tipped to Be a Redesigned Nothing Phone 2a


Nothing Teases New Product, Here's What It Could Be For optics, the CMF Phone 1 is likely to include a 50-megapixel primary rear sensor alongside another 50-megapixel wide-angle camera. The front camera of the handset is expected to hold a 16-megapixel sensor. It is also likely to carry a 5,000mAh battery with 33W fast charging support.   Will the Nothing Phone 2 serve as the successor to the Phone 1, or will the two co-exist? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and more on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Amazon Agrees to Purchase Some Assets of MX Player in $100 Million Deal: Report" ,  Amazon agreed to purchase some assets of video-streaming platform MX Player from Times Internet on Wednesday, according to a report. The first mention of this deal reportedly surfaced in 2023 when the e-commerce giant entered talks with the Tencent-backed firm but it almost fell through. In May, it was reported that conversations between the two parties resumed again, and a possible deal was on the cards. The deal has reportedly now been agreed for a sum of less than $100 million. Amazon Buys Some Assets of MX Player TechCrunch, quoting a source familiar with the matter, reported that Amazon and Times Internet had agreed on a deal that would see the retail giant purchase some assets but not the video-streaming platform in its entirety. Following this deal, Amazon gets a “distribution and marketing partner” which could potentially help the company become “more popular and trustworthy” to people in smaller cities. MX Player was originally developed by South Korean developer J2 Interactive (now MX Media and Entertainment) as a video player for the mobile platform. However, it was later turned into a full-fledged but ad-supported video-streaming platform with options such as offline streaming, background playback and more. Google Keep Might Soon Introduce This Long-Awaited Feature on Android In 2018, Times Internet purchased a majority stake in the platform for a reported $140 million. As per an Inc42 report, this is an all-cash transaction for a reported $100 million which is even less than the $110.8 million it had raised in a financing round led by Chinese conglomerate Tencent in 2019. At the time, MX Player was reportedly valued at $500 million. “We are always looking for ways to introduce new products and services that help improve customers' lives,” the publication reported an Amazon spokesperson as saying. “We're excited to continue to entertain India with the great local originals and exclusive content available across our Prime Video and miniTV services in India.” Amazon Fire TV Devices Will Now Let You Search for Movie Recommendations


Have an Old Apple TV? You May Reportedly Lose Access to Netflix Soon Inc42 further reported that after the completion of this deal, MX Player's senior management will join Amazon. A formal announcement of the deal is speculated to arrive within a week. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iPhone 16 Pro, iPhone 16 Pro Max Dimensions Leak Online; Suggests Slightly Larger, Heavier Design" ,  iPhone 16 family with four entries are expected to go official in September. Apple is speculated to shrink the bezels on the iPhone 16 Pro models. The phones are said to have the "narrowest bezels in the world," beating the Galaxy S24 Ultra. A tipster has now leaked the dimensions of the iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max suggesting that the phones will be larger. Tiny bezels would help Apple include a larger screen without drastically increasing the overall size of the phones. iPhone 16 Pro Design Details Leaked Online Tipster Instant Digital (translated from Chinese) on Weibo claimed that the iPhone 16 Pro will measure 149.6 x 71.45 x 8.25mm and weigh 194 grams. For comparison, last year's iPhone 15 Pro measures 146.6 x 70.6 x 8.25mm and weighs 187 grams. Meanwhile, the iPhone 16 Pro Max is tipped to measure 163.02 x 77.58 x 8.26mm, compared to the iPhone 15 Pro Max's 159.9 x 76.7 x 8.25mm measurement. The upcoming model is said to be heavier with a 225 grams weight, compared to the predecessor's 221 grams. Apple Unlikely to Release a Foldable iPhone Before 2027: Report The leaked dimensions suggest that iPhone 16 Pro variants will get slightly taller, heavier and wider, while the bezels will become less noticeable. This claim has also been echoed by prominent tipster Ice Universe (@UniverseIce) on X. As per a recent leak, the iPhone 16 Pro will feature 1.2mm bezels, while the iPhone 16 Pro Max bezels will measure 1.15mm. This would be a noticeable shift from iPhone 15 Pro's 1.71mm bezels. The Pro models could surpass the Galaxy S24 to become "the world's narrowest bezel mobile phone". The narrow bezels are likely to allow Apple to increase the screen sizes of upcoming models. Reducing the size of the bezel could add a premium look and make more room for content. Apple iPhone 16 Pro Specifications (Leaked) The iPhone 16 Pro is said to feature a 6.3-inch screen, up from 6.1-inch on its predecessor. The iPhone 16 Pro Max is tipped to boast a 6.9-inch display, up from 6.7-inch on the iPhone 15 Pro Max. Apple Reveals Minimum Length of Software Support for iPhone 15 Lineup Apple is believed to announce the iPhone 16 lineup in September. Besides the thin bezels, the iPhone 16 Pro‌‌ models are likely to get a new capacitive button. They are expected to be equipped with an A18 Pro chip. The regular iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Plus are tipped to be powered by an A18 Bionic chip based on TSMC's 3nm process.   Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Airtel Launches T20 World Cup Plans With Free Disney+ Hotstar Subscription: Price, Validity" ,  Airtel has launched new plans for its prepaid, postpaid, and Xstream Fiber broadband customers that bundle a free Disney+ Hotstar subscription. The telecom operator has introduced these plans to enable them to watch the ongoing ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024. Alongside, it has also offered special international roaming packs for users travelling to the US and Canada. Prepaid users will get access to Disney+ Hotstar for three months. They will also get access to the Airtel Xstream Play with more than 20 OTT services. These recharge plans are available via the Airtel Thanks app. Airtel Prepaid Plans with free Disney+ Hotstar Subscription Prepaid users of Airtel will get the Disney+ Hotstar bundled plans starting at Rs. 499. There are three plans with different validity and daily data limits. The most expensive plan, at Rs. 3,359, offers a one-year subscription to the OTT platform. Additionally, users will also be able to unlock more than 20 OTT platforms on the Airtel Xstream Play without any additional costs. PLAN Validity Data Voice OTT Other Benefits     Rs. 499 28 Days 3GB/Day Unlimited calls local & STD Disney+ Hotstar subscription for 3 months, Airtel Xstream Apollo 247   Rs. 869 84 Days 2GB/Day Unlimited calls local & STD Disney+ Hotstar subscription for 3 months, Airtel Xstream Apollo 247   Rs. 3359 365 Days 2.5GB/ Day Unlimited calls local & STD Disney+ Hotstar subscription for 1 year 1 select OTT access on Xstream App Apollo 24*7 Airtel Postpaid plans with Free Disney+ Hotstar Subscription Airtel's postpaid users will get a free Disney+ Hotstar subscription for one year with any of the valid plans. Additionally, users will also get a three-month subscription to Xstream Play. The postpaid plans start at the price of Rs. 499, which offers 75GB of data and comes without any data add-ons. Plan Benefits Add-ons (30GB/add-on) OTT             Hotstar Others   Rs. 1499 200 GB 4 1 Year (Mobile) Xstream Play (unlimited)   Rs. 1199 150 GB 3 1 Year (Mobile) Xstream Play (unlimited)   Rs. 999 100 GB 3 1 Year (Mobile) Xstream Play (unlimited)   Rs. 599 75 GB 1 1 Year (Mobile) Xstream Play (3 months)   Rs. 499 75 GB - 1 Year (Mobile) Xstream Play (3 months)   Rs. 399 40 GB - - Xstream Play (3 months) Airtel's Xstream Fiber Plans with free Disney+ Hotstar Subscription The Airtel Xstream Fiber plans with bundled Disney+ Hotstar subscription start at Rs. 699. These also unlock access to more than 350 TV channels when using the Airtel Digital TV smart box. Access to Xstream Play is also offered. Airtel, Google Partner to Build AI-Based Cloud Services for Enterprises


Best Airtel Postpaid Plans with Price, Data Benefits, Offers, and More


How to Check Your Airtel Number Using 5 Different Methods Plan Speed TV (350+ channels - HD included) OTT           Hotstar ( Large Screen Variant) Others   Rs. 3999 1 GBPS Yes Yes Xstream Play   Rs. 1599 300 MBPS Yes Yes Xstream Play   Rs. 1099 200 MBPS Yes Yes Xstream Play   Rs. 999 200 MBPS No Yes Xstream Play   Rs. 899 100 MBPS Yes Yes Xstream Play   Rs. 699 40 MBPS Yes Yes Xstream Play Additionally, users travelling outside the country will be able to take advantage of Airtel's new international roaming packs with in-flight connectivity starting at Rs. 133. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Realme Narzo 70 Pro 5G With 50-Megapixel Triple Rear Cameras Gets a Limited Discount in India" ,  Realme Narzo 70 Pro 5G was launched in India on March 19. The smartphone comes with an octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 7050 chipset and a 5,000mAh battery with support for 67W wired SuperVOOC charging. It is equipped with a 50-megapixel triple rear camera unit and a 16-megapixel selfie shooter. The phone was introduced in the country in two storage variants. Currently, as part of its Realme Savings Day sale, the company is offering the handset with up to Rs. 3,000 discounts. The discount is valid for a limited 12-hour period, starting from Thursday 12 noon to midnight. Realme Narzo 70 Pro 5G Discount Details The 8GB + 128GB option of the Realme Narzo 70 Pro 5G can be bought at Rs. 16,999, down Rs. 3,000 from the price of Rs. 19,999 during the limited-time offer. The 8GB + 256GB variant, on the other hand, is available during this time with a Rs. 2,000 discount coupon at Rs. 19,999. The offer is valid till 11:59pm IST on June 6 via Amazon and the Realme India website. During the Early Bird sale after launch, the 128GB and 256GB variants of the Realme Narzo Pro 5G were available in the country at Rs. 18,999 and Rs. 19,999, respectively. The phone is offered in Glass Green and Glass Gold colour options. Realme Narzo N63 With 50-Megapixel Rear Camera Launched in India Realme Narzo 70 Pro 5G Specifications, Features The Realme Narzo 70 Pro 5G sports a 6.67-inch 120Hz full-HD+ OLED screen and is powered by an octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 7050 SoC paired with a Mali-G68 GPU, 8GB of RAM and up to 256GB of onboard storage. It ships with Android 14-based Realme UI 5.1. In the camera department, the Realme Narzo 70 Pro 5G is equipped with a triple rear camera unit which includes a 50-megapixel Sony IMX890 primary sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support. Meanwhile, the front camera houses a 16-megapixel Hynix Hi1634Q sensor. Realme Narzo N65 5G With Dual Rear Cameras Debuts in India: See Price


Realme Narzo 70 5G Series With MediaTek SoCs Debut in India: See Price Realme Narzo 70 Pro 5G packs a 5,000mAh battery with 67W SuperVOOC charging support. Connectivity options of the handset include 5G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5.2, and a USB Type-C port. It also carries an in-display fingerprint scanner for security.   Is the iQoo Neo 7 Pro the best smartphone you can buy under Rs. 40,000 in India? We discuss the company's recently launched handset and what it has to offer on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google Keep Might Reportedly Allow Users to Resize App Window on Android" ,  Google Keep may soon get a new setting that lets users resize the app's window on their smartphone. This development comes a few days after Google announced that it would bring new functionality to its note-taking app on Wear OS with customisable tiles that can be pinned, a feature that began to roll out as part of the latest Android Feature Drop. The resizable windows functionality on Google Keep was reportedly spotted during an APK teardown of the Android app. Google Keep to Gain Support for Resizable Windows An Android Authority report, in collaboration with tipster Assemble Debug, states that Google may soon allow users to change the size of Google Keep windows on Android. At present, Google Keep windows can either be maximised or resized to preset dimensions. The ability to resize windows at will was spotted by the publication as part of an APK teardown of the Google Keep app version 5.24.222.01.90, and was activated after “activating a flag”. Google Maps Set to Roll Out a Big Privacy Feature Soon: Report It will reportedly be accessible via a new sliding pane layout which can be used to customise windows without any fixed ratios. However, not all smartphones could support the feature. Devices with a pixel density higher than 600ppi may gain support for resizable Google Keep windows, according to the report. There's currently no word from the company on plans to roll out support for resizing Google Keep on Android. Google Keep Gets New Tiles on Wear OS Last week, Google announced that it is introducing tiles for the Google Keep app on Wear OS. The feature was announced at its developer conference, Google I/O on May 14 but its rollout commenced only last week. Google Gemini May Soon Let You Play Songs from Spotify


How Android 15 Could Introduce a More Immersive Spatial Audio Experience It now allows users to add multiple tiles, which are customisable. Google says they can also be pinned notes or to-do lists. To use it, Google says, “ Simply swipe through your tiles and find your pinned note (like a shopping list) to stay on top of things.” .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi Super Saver Sale 2024: Deals on Xiaomi 14 Series, Xiaomi Pad 6, Redmi Watch 3 Active and More" ,  Xiaomi Super Saver Sale 2024 is now live in India, with discounts and other lucrative offers on a wide range of Xiaomi and Redmi products including smartphones and tablets. Even home appliances like smart TVs and robotic vacuum cleaners are accessible at lowered rates. Customers of select banks can also avail of additional benefits to further lower the final price of their purchases during the company's ongoing sale event, while customers can also use coupons on Amazon for additional discounts. Xiaomi Super Saver Sale 2024 Deals, Discounts The company's flagship Xiaomi 14 and Xiaomi 14 Ultra are being offered at considerable discounts during the ongoing Xiaomi Super Saver Sale. The latest flagship lineup was unveiled in the country in March. The Xiaomi Pad 6, introduced in the country in June 2023, can also be bought at a discount. Several Redmi products, such as the Redmi 12 5G, Redmi 13C 5G and Redmi Watch 3 Active, are available at lower effective prices during the sale. You can also get Xiaomi and Redmi-branded smart TVs starting from Rs. 12,599, as well as vacuum cleaners at discounted rates. Xiaomi's Clamshell Foldable Phone May Be Available Globally Xiaomi Super Saver Sale 2024 Bank Card Offers ICICI Bank customers can avail of discounts worth up to Rs. 10,000 on select products via credit card transactions or credit card and debit card EMI options. No-cost EMI options as well as instant discount offers of up to Rs. 4,250 on HDFC, OneCard, Citi Bank, and HSBC Bank cards are also available on select items. Some products can be bought at lowered rates using bank offers and additional coupons via Amazon, while some items are available for purchase through the Xiaomi India website. Special discount coupons are listed on the Amazon product pages of select items. The Xiaomi Super Saver microsite also lists coupon codes that offer up to Rs. 1,000 additional discounts. Redmi A3x Surfaces on Global Website With These Specifications


Redmi 13 4G With MediaTek Helio G91 Ultra SoC Launched: See Price Here's a list of smartphones, tablets, smart TVs and other personal smart accessories that you can get at discounted prices during the Xiaomi Super Saver Sale 2024: Product Name Launch Price Effective Sale Price     Xiaomi 14 Ultra (16GB + 512GB) Rs. 99,999 Rs. 89,999   Xiaomi 14 (12GB + 512GB) Rs. 69,999 Rs. 59,999   Redmi 12 5G (4GB + 128GB) Rs. 10,999 Rs. 9,999   Redmi 13C 5G (4GB + 128GB) Rs. 9,999 Rs. 9,499   Xiaomi Pad 6 (6GB + 128GB) Rs. 26,999 Rs. 23,999   Redmi Watch 3 Active Rs. 2,999 Rs. 2,699   Xiaomi Wireless Powerbank 10000 mAh Rs. 4,999 Rs. 2,299   Xiaomi Robot Vacuum Cleaner S10 Rs. 20,999 Rs. 19,999   Xiaomi Smart TV A32 2024 Edition Rs. 24,999 Rs. 12,599   Xiaomi Smart TV X 43 2023 Edition Rs. 42,999 Rs. 25,999   Redmi Smart Fire TV 4K 43 Rs. 26,999 Rs. 23,999    Is the Xiaomi Pad 6 the best Android tablet you can buy under Rs. 30,000 in India? We discuss the company's latest mid-range tablet on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iQoo 13 Tipped to Get 2K Display, Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC, More; Might Ditch Pro Variant" ,  iQoo 12 Pro and iQoo 12 with Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC were launched in China in November last year. Now, the Vivo sub-brand is reportedly working on the iQoo 13 with a tipster suggesting that there won't be a Pro model this year. The leak also sheds some light on the specifications of the rumoured iQoo 13. The standard variant is tipped to come with a 2K resolution display and could be powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC. Tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) on Weibo posted some details about an upcoming iQoo flagship smartphone. The tipster's reply to a question suggests that he is talking about the standard iQoo 13. It is said to sport a 2K resolution display and an ultrasonic in-display fingerprint sensor. It could run on Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC and is likely to have IP68 certified build. While DCS doesn't give us any details about the launch timeline of the phones, he hints that if the iQoo 13 comes with these suggested specifications, then the Pro model would be axed from the series. iQoo Pad 2 Pro, iQoo Pad 2 Debut With Up to 3.1K Display The iQoo 13 is expected to be among the first batch of smartphones to sport the Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 SoC. The iQoo 12 series was among the first smartphones to arrive with Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC last year. Global launch for the upcoming phone may trail the Chinese launch by a few weeks. iQoo 12 series was launched in China in November 2023. One month later, the vanilla iQoo 12 was launched in India with a price tag of Rs. 52,999 for the 12GB + 256GB configuration. The iQoo 12 features a 6.78-inch quad-HD (1,260x2,800 pixels) LTPO AMOLED screen with a 144Hz refresh rate. It has a triple rear camera setup led by a 50-megapixel primary camera and a 16-megapixel selfie camera. It is equipped with a 5,000mAh battery with 120W fast charging support. iQoo Neo 9S Pro With MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ SoC Launched: See Price    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Stable Audio Open Released by Stability AI as an Open-Source Text-to-Audio Generator" ,  Stability AI has released an open-source artificial intelligence (AI) model dubbed Stable Audio Open. Users can leverage the model to generate up to 47 seconds of samples and sound effects. Users can use it to create samples of musical instruments or ambient sounds. The AI model also allows users to generate different variations and styles of a previously generated sample. The open-source model is separate from the AI firm's Stable Audio platform which allows users to generate up to three-minute-long tracks and is only available as part of a subscription. Stability AI Releases Stable Audio Open Stable Audio Open works similarly to many available AI models in the market. Users can write a text prompt for a sample or sound effect and it will generate up to 47 seconds of audio. Stability AI mentioned in a newsroom post that the AI model was released in open source to empower sound designers, musicians, and creative communities. However, it has limited the use of Stable Audio Open to research and non-commercial usage. To get commercial rights, users will have to purchase a Stability AI membership. Oppo to Bring Over 100 GenAI Features to Its Smartphones This Year In terms of features, it can generate drum beats, instrument riffs, ambient sounds, foley recordings and other audio samples. Further, users can also fine-tune the model using their custom audio data. Highlighting an example, the AI firm says a drummer can train the AI on recordings of their drumming sessions and use the model to generate new beats. While the model can generate short audio samples, it is not optimised for full songs, melodies, or vocals. To train Stable Audio Open, the company used a dataset of 4,86,492 audio recordings sourced from FreeSound and Free Music Archive. It added, “We conducted an in-depth analysis to ensure no unauthorised copyrighted music was present in our training data before we began training.” GPT-4o Review: This Is How OpenAI’s Latest AI Model Performs


Google Gemini May Soon Let You Play Songs from Spotify However, Stability AI also said that the dataset lacks diversity and all cultures were not equally represented. As a result, the generated samples will reflect biases from the training data. To access the AI model, users can go to the company's Hugging Face listing, where the open model weights are currently hosted. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "WhatsApp Reportedly Begins Beta Testing New Layout for Status Updates With Preview Feature" ,  WhatsApp for Android is testing a new layout for the status updates page, according to details shared by a feature tracker. The instant messaging platform is expected to roll out the modern interface to users on iOS and Android smartphones in the future. Additionally, users may also reportedly be able to preview statuses without opening them. This development comes amidst another revelation about WhatsApp also testing a fix for the emoji keyboard crash which has reportedly plagued some Android users. WhatsApp Tests a New Status Update UI According to feature tracker WABetaInfo, the instant messaging platform's new layout for status updates is rolling out with WhatsApp beta for Android 2.24.12.20. While some beta testers reportedly had access to this change on an earlier version, it has been rolled out to more users with the latest update.  New status UI on WhatsApp for Android beta versionPhoto Credit: WABetaInfo A screenshot shared by WABetaInfo shows that a new and larger thumbnail for status updates has been introduced, replacing the existing smaller circular window. It is speculated that users may be able to get a glimpse of the status update from this thumbnail without having to open them. However, it still remains pinned at the top of the screen below the search bar, which means its placement has not changed, according to the feature tracker. WhatsApp Will Soon Let You Find Your Favourite Chats With a Tap The latest WhatsApp for Android beta update also brings a new layout for WhatsApp channel recommendation panel. At present, the status update page also features the Find channels option at the end where recommended channels are present to users. With the update, it has been tweaked and now reportedly has a horizontal orientation. The report suggests these changes are available to beta testers who install the latest WhatsApp for Android beta update from the Google Play Store. It may be rolled out to more people in the coming days. At the time of writing, it was yet to roll out to a Gadget 360 staff member who is part of the beta channel. WhatsApp Working on Fix for Emoji Keyboard Crash It is also reported that the platform is also working on a fix for the emoji keyboard crash that some users have encountered recently. It was spotted in WhatsApp for Android version 2.24.12.23 which is available on the Google Play Store. Google Maps Set to Roll Out a Big Privacy Feature Soon: Report


Have an Old Apple TV? You May Reportedly Lose Access to Netflix Soon This update is accessible to everyone who is enrolled in the WhatsApp beta program, the report adds. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "US Ether ETF Launch Timing Depends on How Fast Issuers Can Move, SEC Chair Says" ,  The timing for when exchange-traded funds (ETFs) tied to the cryptocurrency ether can begin trading depends largely on how quickly issuers respond to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's queries, Chair Gary Gensler said on Wednesday. The SEC last month approved applications from Nasdaq, CBOE and NYSE to list spot ether ETFs. It was a surprise win for the cryptocurrency industry which had expected the SEC to reject the filings after discouraging meetings with the regulator. The SEC still has to approve the ETF issuers' registration statements detailing investor disclosures before they can start trading. That process usually involves a lot of back and forth between the ETF issuers and SEC officials. US SEC Approves Exchange Applications to List Spot Ether ETFs "These registrants are self-motivated to be responsive to the comments they get, but it's really up to them how responsive they are," he said. Gensler declined to say whether he thought that process would take weeks or months. Gensler and agency officials had not commented previously on why the SEC appeared to do a U-turn and approve the ether exchange filings. On Wednesday, Gensler said last year's court challenge brought by Grayscale Investments which forced the SEC to approve spot bitcoin ETFs in January had influenced its thinking on the ether products. Jack Dorsey-Backed Ocean Mining Moves Its Headquarters to El Salvador Grayscale successfully argued that because the SEC previously approved ETFs tied to bitcoin futures it should also approve spot bitcoin ETFs, since bitcoin futures prices are highly correlated with spot prices. Gensler said the cases are similar, since ethereum futures have been trading since last year. SEC staff "looked at these (ether) filings, looked at the various correlations... the correlations are relatively similar to the correlations in the bitcoin space," Gensler said. After the court ruled last year in Grayscale's favor, the SEC approved spot bitcoin ETFs in January. Gensler in a statement at the time acknowledged the court's decision, adding he felt that approving the products was "the most sustainable path forward." Mastercard Pilots Initiative to Curb User Errors in Crypto Transfers The SEC had for a decade rejected bitcoin ETFs. "Courts ruled otherwise. We adjusted," Gensler said. Still, he added he continues to see the crypto space as "rife with fraud and scams and conflicts." © Thomson Reuters 2024 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }   Is the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 5 the best foldable phone you can buy in India right now? We discuss the company's new clamshell-style foldable handset on the latest episode of Orbital, the Gadgets 360 podcast. Orbital is available on Spotify, Gaana, JioSaavn, Google Podcasts, Apple Podcasts, Amazon Music and wherever you get your podcasts. (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




