title = "Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold Alleged Promo Video Shows Off Large Display; Sits Flat When Unfolded" ,  Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold is confirmed to launch on August 13 at the annual Made by Google event. The tech giant has already put out teaser videos for the Pixel Fold successor. As we get closer to the launch date, the Pixel 9 Pro Fold has surfaced online in an alleged promotional video. The leaked video shows that the foldable unfolds completely flat. The Pixel 9 Pro Fold is shown in two colour options and with a larger folding screen. It is expected to come with a few Gemini-enabled features. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold Promotional Video Hits the Web Android Headlines shared an alleged promotional video of the upcoming Pixel 9 Pro Fold. The 37-second German language video (no longer available) offers a close-up look at the phone and its AI-based features. It is shown in black and off-white colour options which are expected to be called obsidian and porcelain, respectively. Google Pixel 9 Series Will Be Launched in India on This Date The Pixel 9 Pro Fold seems to ship with several AI features including Add Me, Best Take, Circle to Search, Gemini and Magic Editor. It appears to have a larger main display than Pixel Fold and this could allow users to quickly switch apps. Further, the handset unfolds completely flat to 180 degrees in the promo video. The foldable appears to have a new hinge and looks remarkably similar to the OnePlus Open. Pixel 9 Pro Fold Specifications (Expected) The Pixel 9 Pro Fold could arrive with a 6.3-inch cover screen, an 8-inch main inner display, and 16GB of RAM. It is expected to be powered by a new Tensor G4 chip and feature a triple rear camera unit comprising a 48-megapixel main camera, a 10.5-megapixel sensor, and a 10.8-megapixel sensor. It is likely to feature a 10-megapixel camera on the front for selfies and video chats. It is expected to be thinner and lighter than the original Fold. Google Pixel 9 Series Leaked Marketing Images Reveal Design, Features The Made by Google event is scheduled for August 13 in global markets including the US. The India launch will take place on August 14. 




title = "Infinix XPad Leaked Design Renders Suggest Colour Options, Key Features" ,  Infinix XPad may arrive in the markets soon. The XPad would be the first tablet from Infinix. A recent report from June had suggested that the company was developing this tablet but no details apart from the possible model number were available then. Now, more concrete information about the purported tablet has surfaced online. Leaked design renders of the Infinix XPad suggest different colourways and its key expected specifications. Infinix XPad Design, Colour Options (Expected) A report from Android Arena shared design renders of the Infinix XPad. In the images, the tablet is seen in three colour options — Frost Blue, Stellar Grey, and Titan Gold. A portion on the left side of the plastic back cover appears with a shiny, patterned finish. The top left corner appears to house a dual rear camera unit alongside an LED flash within a squarish module with rounded edges. The right edge of the Infinix XPad is seen to hold the power and volume buttons. The flat display appears to be bordered with uniformly thick bezels on all sides. The front camera unit is seen on the right bezel. Infinix XPad Tipped to Launch Soon As Company's First-Ever Tablet Infinix XPad Specifications (Expected) The Infinix XPad will likely sport an 11-inch full-HD+ (1,080 x 2,400 pixels) display with a 90Hz refresh rate and 239 ppi pixel density, according to the report. It is expected to be powered by an octa-core MediaTek Helio G99 Ultimate 4G chipset paired with 4GB of RAM. The tablet is tipped to be available in 128GB and 256GB storage variants with support for up to 1TB storage expansion via a microSD card. It is likely to ship with Android 14 with XOS skin on top. As per the report, the dual rear camera unit of the Infinix XPad may include a 12-megapixel primary sensor and an 8-megapixel secondary sensor alongside an LED flash unit. The front camera, on the other hand, is expected to house an 8-megapixel sensor. Infinix Note 40X 5G Price, Specifications Teased Ahead of India Launch


Infinix Launches New AI Camera Algorithm in Partnership With Samsung The Infinix XPad is said to be backed by a 7,000mAh battery with 18W wired fast charging support. It is also expected to offer Wi-Fi, 3.5mm audio, and USB Type-C connectivity. The tablet is likely to come with no SIM support. For security, it may carry a side-mounted fingerprint sensor. It is tipped to measure 257.07 x 168.62 x 7.58mm in size and weigh 496g. 




title = "OnePlus Buds Pro 3 Design Leak in Two Colourways; Tipped to Get IP55 Rating, Up to 43 Hours Battery Life" ,  OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro was launched at the brand's Summer Launch Event earlier this month. Now, OnePlus seems to be working on a new pair of flagship true wireless earbuds — Buds Pro 3 — as a successor to last year's OnePlus Buds Pro 2. OnePlus is yet to confirm their arrival but a new leak offers our first glimpse at the earbuds and their specifications. The OnePlus Buds Pro 3 earbuds are said to last up to 43 hours. Other leaked key specifications include an IP55 rating, and Bluetooth 5.4. OnePlus Nord Buds Pro 3 Design Leaked A report by Smartprix has shared alleged renders and specifications of the OnePlus Buds Pro 3. The case design of the upcoming earbuds appears to be similar to the Nord Buds 3 Pro. They sport a leather finish on the front, a pairing button on the right, and a USB Type-C port at the bottom. The earbuds are shown in black and golden colours and these finishes could be marketed as midnight opus and lunar radiance, respectively. The stems of OnePlus Nord Buds Pro 3 have a glossy finish while the in-ear style earbuds and ear tips have a matte finish. They feature L and R engravings. Each earbud has “Co-created with Dynaudio” text as well. OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro With Up to 44 Hours Battery Life Launched in India OnePlus Nord Buds Pro 3 Specifications (Expected) On the specification front, the OnePlus Buds Pro 3 are claimed to deliver up to 43 hours of battery life along with the case which is a four-hour increase compared to the OnePlus Buds Pro 2. A charging time of ten minutes is said to offer five hours of music playback time. They are expected to come with IP55 dust and water resistance. For connectivity, OnePlus Buds Pro 3 will reportedly use Bluetooth 5.4 version. They said to include a dual driver setup comprising an 11mm woofer and a 6mm tweeter. The earbuds are anticipated to have a Digital-to-Analog Converter (DAC) and support an LHDC 5.0 audio codec with 24-bit/192kHz audio. The OnePlus Buds Pro 3 are said to offer up to 50dB, up from Buds Pro 2's 49dB. They are said to offer Dynaudio EQ and could support dual connections as well. The case is said to measure 6.5 x 5.2 x 2.6cm with a weight of 61 grams. OnePlus Buds Pro 2 Review The OnePlus Buds Pro 2 were launched in February last year with a price tag of Rs. 11,999, based on this, the publication predicts that the Buds Pro 3 will cost around Rs. 12,000 in India.   




title = "Poco Buds X1 With 40dB ANC, 12.4mm Titanium Drivers Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Poco Buds X1 were launched in India on Thursday alongside the Poco M6 Plus 5G. The true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones are equipped with 12.4mm dynamic titanium drivers and are said to offer up to 40dB hybrid active noise cancellation (ANC). The earphones have an IP54 rating for dust and splash resistance, although the accompanying magnetic charging case does not have an IP-rated build. The TWS earphones are offered in a single colourway and will be available for purchase in the country later this month. Poco Buds X1 Price in India, Availability The Poco Buds X1 is priced in India at Rs. 1,699 and will be available for purchase in the country via Flipkart, starting August 5. The earphones are offered in a single Titanium colourway. Poco Buds X1 Specifications, Features The Poco Buds X1 are equipped with touch controls and 12.4mm dynamic titanium drivers. They sport an in-ear design with rounded stems and silicone ear tips. The magnetic charging case appears in a squarish shape with rounded edges. It has a horizontal slit-like connection status indicator in the front. Poco M6 Plus 5G With 108-Megapixel Main Camera Launched in India The newly launched TWS earphones support up to 40dB hybrid active noise cancellation (ANC). The TWS earphones carry a quad-mic system which is backed by AI-supported environmental noise cancellation (ENC). Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition Debuts in India at This Price


Poco M6 5G 64GB Variant Goes on Sale in India on July 20: See Price The Poco Buds X1 charging case has a 480mAh battery and a USB Type-C charging port. The earphones along with the case are claimed to offer a total playback time of up to 36 hours. They support Bluetooth 5.3 connectivity and SBC and AAC audio codecs. The earphones come with an IP54 rating for dust and splash resistance. Notably, the case does not have an IP rating.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "PlayStation Portal Remote Player With 8-Inch LCD Display Launched in India: Price, Features" ,  The PlayStation Portal, Sony's game streaming device that lets players access PS5 games remotely, is finally coming to India. PlayStation India announced the launch of the handheld in the Indian market on Friday. The device was launched in the US and globally late last year. While the PlayStation Portal remote player cannot run games natively, it allows users to stream their PS5 games with console quality controls over a Wi-Fi connection. The device comes with an eight-inch LCD display and sports DualSense wireless controller features like haptic feedback and adaptive triggers in supported games. PlayStation Portal Price in India, availability The PlayStation Portal remote player is priced at Rs. 18,999 in India. The handheld device will be available in a single white colourway across Sony Centres, Amazon, Flipkart, Croma, Reliance, Vijay Sales, Blinkit and other participating retailers starting August 3.  The PlayStation Portal is priced at Rs. 18,999 in IndiaPhoto Credit: Sony PlayStation Portal specifications, features The PlayStation Portal remote player comes with an eight-inch LCD display with 1920x1080 pixels resolution and 60Hz refresh rate. The device is capable of running PS4 and PS5 games installed on Sony's current-gen console at up to 60fps in full HD resolution. The screen also comes with touch-enabled zones on the left and right side. PlayStation Portal, Sony’s Remote Play Handheld for PS5, Will Launch at $199.99 The device comes with DualSense wireless controller features like haptic feedback and adaptive triggers in compatible games. Connectivity options on the PlayStation Portal include a USB Type-C port for charging, a 3.5mm headphone jack, Sony's proprietary PS Link feature and Wi-Fi 5. The device does not feature Bluetooth connectivity. The PlayStation Portal cannot run games natively, but it lets players stream games from their PS5 library over home Wi-Fi. Users can thus play their PS5 games on the PlayStation Portal even when someone else is using the TV connected to the console. The PlayStation Portal works via Sony's Remote Play feature. To set up Remote Play, players first must turn on their PS5 or put it in rest mode. The console must be connected to the Internet and updated to the latest version of the system software. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple Says AI Features Will Boost New iPhone Sales After Sluggish Third Quarter" ,  Apple predicted that its new artificial intelligence features will spur iPhone upgrades in coming months, helping the company reemerge from a sales slowdown that has hit its China business especially hard. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook, speaking on a conference call Thursday to discuss third-quarter results, said that upcoming Apple Intelligence features will provide a fresh reason for customers to buy new phones. “It will be a very key time for a compelling upgrade cycle,” he told analysts on the call. You Can Now Summarise Web Pages on Safari With a New AI Feature The remarks followed generally upbeat third-quarter results that were marred by sluggish sales in China. Apple returned to revenue growth in the period, which ended June 29, with an increase of 5 percent to $85.8 billion. That beat the $84.5 billion analyst estimate. But sales from China fell 6.5 percent to $14.7 billion, missing the $15.3 billion projection from Wall Street. he shares bounced up and down in late trading following the earnings report. By 6:30 p.m. in New York, they were up more than 1 percent. The stock had gained 13 percent this year through the close, lifted by investors' hope that new artificial intelligence technology would help boost sales. Apple Trained Two AI Models Using Google's Chips, Research Paper Shows The China results rekindled fears that Apple is losing ground in one of its most important overseas markets. The company is up against fiercer competition in the region, and the government has reined in the use of foreign technology in some workplaces. Chinese economic growth also has worsened. Apple attributed much of the decline to the impact of a strong dollar, saying that the underlying business in China is actually healthier than before. Three months ago, executives said the slowdown was less about an underperforming iPhone and more about weak sales of other products. “We do realize it's a very competitive smartphone market, but we feel we are doing quite well within the context of the broader economy,” Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Bloomberg Television's Emily Chang. Apple Intelligence Availability to Be Delayed Beyond iOS 18 Launch Cook said during the call that Apple still has faith in the market. “I don't know how every chapter of the book reads, but we're very confident in the long term,” he said. September Quarter Apple said that total sales in the September quarter will grow at a similar level as the just-ended period, implying an increase of about 5 percent. Wall Street has projected a 4 percent clip. Services will be a highlight in the period, advancing in the double digits, executives said. Apple to Adopt Voluntary AI Safeguards Established by White House Earnings amounted to $1.40 a share in third quarter, exceeding the $1.35 analysts had estimated. The period ending in June is typically one of Apple's slowest, coming at a time when many customers are waiting for the next iPhone to arrive in the fall. Sales of Apple's flagship product, the iPhone, came in at $39.3 billion. Though the number was down slightly from a year earlier, it edged past Wall Street expectations. Three months ago, the company declined to forecast iPhone revenue for the June period — a signal it was still unsure about the shaky smartphone market. iPad Comeback Apple's iPad business benefited from the long-awaited release of new models. The company introduced major upgrades in May after a sluggish stretch for the tablet lineup. The new products included a pricier iPad Pro with an M4 chip, as well as a faster version of the iPad Air with a bigger-screen option. Apple Reportedly Claims OpenELM Not Used for Apple Intelligence The Cupertino, California-based company reported $7.16 billion in revenue from the category, up 24 percent. That beat the estimate of $6.6 billion. Apple previously said it expected the iPad to grow by a percentage in the double digits during the June period — something it easily accomplished. For several months, some customers and schools had been holding out on iPad purchases in expectation of the new models. “About half the customers who purchased an iPad were new to the product,” Maestri said. Beyond the new iPad Pro and iPad Air, Apple is working on versions of its entry-level iPad and iPad mini with faster processors. That could spur additional upgrades when they are released sometime in the coming months. Apple Intelligence The company also unveiled Apple Intelligence last quarter, showing off the new AI tools at its developers conference in June. But the technology — headed for the iPhone, iPad and Mac — isn't expected to be released to customers until October. Apple also hasn't yet explained how it plans to generate revenue from the features, beyond spurring demand for compatible devices. And the technology won't be available in China at the outset. The services business, which includes the App Store, Apple Music and the TV+ streaming platform, continues to be a growth driver. It generated $24.2 billion in sales last quarter, up 14 percent. Wall Street was looking for services revenue of just under $24 billion. Still, that business is under pressure from regulators who are seeking changes to the App Store, which they see as an anticompetitive force in the industry. That could ultimately limit Apple's ability to collect revenue from subscriptions and app downloads. Mac revenue rose 2.5 percent to $7.01 billion, helped by the start of the back-to-school shopping season. That was in line with Wall Street predictions. Apple hasn't made major changes to the Mac since the end of last year, but did add the M3 chip to the MacBook Air laptop in March. The computer line could be in for a boost later this year when Apple kicks off a shift to the more powerful M4 chip. The company is planning to update every Mac line with the new processor, which can better handle AI tasks, Bloomberg News has reported. Wearables, Home and Accessories — a once high-flying category that includes AirPods, the Apple Watch, the company's TV set-top box, Beats headphones and HomePods — continued to struggle. That business brought in $8.1 billion in sales, down 2.3 percent. Still, that was better than the $7.8 billion estimate. Apple only made minor changes to its most recent smartwatch lineup, and a patent dispute forced it to remove a blood-oxygen feature from some models. The company also hasn't updated its AirPods in several quarters. But reinforcements are on the way: Apple is planning bigger displays for some watch models this fall, alongside a revamp to its low-end and mid-tier AirPods. The upcoming iPhone 16 line should fuel a wave of demand. But the new models won't include major design changes. The company's iPhone 16 marketing pitch will be more about support for Apple Intelligence, faster processors, adding an Action button to the lower-end versions, and a camera-control button on the latest Pro models. © 2024 Bloomberg LP .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Realme 13 5G Allegedly Emerges in TENAA Certification; May Get 50-Megapixel Dual Rear Cameras" ,  Realme 13 Pro and Realme 13 Pro+ with Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC were launched earlier this week. The vanilla Realme 13 5G is now said to be in the works as the latest entrant in the company's number series. Realme is yet to confirm its arrival, but TENAA has reportedly listed the phone with live photos and some specifications ahead of it. The listing suggests a 6.72-inch display and a 16-megapixel front camera on the phone. The Realme 13 5G is likely to come with a 4,880mAh battery. Realme 13 5G Design, Specifications Shared by TENAA The TENAA listing of a new Realme phone with model number RMX3952 was spotted by MySmartPrice. The listing, believed to belong to Realme 13 5G, shows early photos with a hole-punch display design. The rear has a triple camera setup arranged in a circular shaped island alongside an LED flash. The photos from TENAA show the black model. As per the listing, a 6.72-inch LTPS screen with full-HD+ resolution could be available on the Realme 13 5G. It is shown to run on an octa-core chipset with a frequency of 2.2GHz. It could be offered in 6GB, 8GB, 12GB, and 16GB RAM options and 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB of storage options. Realme 13 5G Spotted on Multiple Certification Websites; May  Launch Soon Realme could pack a 4,880mAh battery and a dual rear camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel primary camera and a 2-megapixel secondary shooter on the handset. It is likely to pack a 16-megapixel selfie camera. The certification also confirms that the Realme 13 5G will offer a microSD card slot. As per the listing, Realme 13 5G measures 165.6x76.1x7.79 mm and weighs 190 grams. Realme Narzo N61 With IP54 Rating Launched in India: See Price, Offers The specifications for the Realme 13 5G will be an upgrade over the Realme 12 5G. Its siblings — Realme 13 Pro+ and Realme 13 Pro — were unveiled in India recently with a starting price tag of Rs. 32,999 and Rs. 26,999, respectively. The Realme 12 5G debuted in March with a starting price tag of Rs. 16,999 for the 6GB RAM + 128GB storage version. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vivo V30 Price in India Cut Ahead of Vivo V40 Series Launch in the Country" ,  Vivo V30 was unveiled in India in March this year alongside the Vivo V30 Pro. The phone comes with a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 chipset and a 5,000mAh battery with 80W wired fast charging support. It carries a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit and ships with Android 14-based FuntouchOS 14. Now, the company is gearing up to introduce the successor to the handset. The Vivo V40 series will launch in India on August 7. Ahead of that, Vivo has announced price cuts for the Vivo V30 variants. Vivo V30 New Price in India The Vivo V30 now starts in India at Rs. 31,999 for the 8GB + 128GB option, while the 8GB + 256GB and 12GB + 256GB variants are priced at Rs. 33,999 and Rs. 35,999, respectively. These rates are lowered from the launch prices of the phone, where the 8GB + 128GB and 8GB + 256GB variants of the Vivo V30 were marked at Rs. 33,999 and Rs. 35,999, respectively, while the 12GB + 256GB option was listed at Rs. 37,999. 5 Things We Like About Vivo V30 Series and One Thing We Didn’t The new prices of the Vivo V30 are currently effective in the country. You can buy the phone via Flipkart, the Vivo India website, and select offline retail stores. Customers can avail of a flat 10 percent instant cashback offer with select partner banks. The company is offering an 8-month no-cost EMI option for the 8GB + 128GB version. With their purchase, buyers can also get additional benefits like the vivo V-Shield Protection Plan. Notably, the handset is available in the same three colourways that it was launched in earlier this year — Andaman Blue, Classic Black, and Peacock Green. Vivo V30 Specifications, Features The Vivo V30 sports a 6.78-inch curved 1.5K (2,800 x 1,260 pixels) AMOLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate. It is powered by a Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 SoC paired with up to 12GB of RAM and up to 256GB of onboard storage. It ships with Android 14-based FunTouchOS 14. Vivo V30 Pro Review


Vivo V40, Vivo V40 Pro India Launch Date Announced For optics, the Vivo V30 is equipped with a dual rear camera unit, including a 50-megapixel primary sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) and a 50-megapixel secondary sensor paired with an ultra-wide-angle lens alongside an Aura Light flash unit. The front camera holds also holds a 50-megapixel sensor. The handset is backed by a 5,000mAh battery with 80W wired fast charging support.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Apple Intelligence Talks Ongoing With EU and China Regulators, Says CEO Tim Cook: Report" ,  Apple Intelligence features have started to roll out in preview with the iOS 18.1 developer beta update. As per the Cupertino-based tech giant, these features are first rolling out in the US in English and will be expanded to other regions later. However, the European Union (EU) and China will be two regions where these features are not likely to debut anytime soon. During a quarterly earnings call on Thursday, Apple CEO Tim Cook was reportedly asked about a release timeline, but he did not provide any conclusive response. Apple Reportedly in Talks With EU and China Regulators According to a report by 9to5Mac, Cook responded in vague terms when asked about the availability of Apple Intelligence in other regions, mainly China and the EU. He reportedly highlighted that the company was engaged with the regulators from both regions, but will need to understand the requirements before stating a timeline. “We're engaged, as you would guess, with both regulatory bodies that you mentioned. And our objective is to move as fast as we can, obviously, because our objective is always to get features out there for everyone. We have to understand the regulatory requirements before we can commit to doing that and commit a schedule to doing that, but we're very constructively engaged with both,” Cook said. You Can Now Summarise Web Pages on Safari With a New AI Feature Apple announced last month that Apple Intelligence features, as well as iPhone Mirroring and SharePlay Screen Sharing enhancements, will not be available in the EU. The company said this was due to regulatory uncertainties arising from the Digital Markets Act (DMA). "Specifically, we are concerned that the interoperability requirements of the DMA could force us to compromise the integrity of our products in ways that risk user privacy and data security," Apple had said at the time. Apple Intelligence Rolls Out to Testers With Latest iOS 18 Beta Update


Apple Intelligence May Help Create AI Artwork for Apple Music Playlists In China, there is a different hurdle. As per a previous report, Apple was looking for a local AI partner in the region as AI models used within the country are required to get approval from the government. Further, any local data processing needs to be done on servers located and operated within the country. These regulations and the lack of an AI partner have likely made it difficult for Apple to introduce its AI features. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Galaxy S25 Series to Come With ‘Top-of-the-Line Upgrades’ and Boosted AI Performance, Says Official" ,  Samsung Galaxy S25 series is expected to launch early next year. Leaks and rumours have swirled around for some time now, with suggestions that the smartphones may get an asymmetrical design and upgrades in terms of camera and other specifications. During a recent earnings call, a Samsung official talked about the Galaxy S25 series, hinting at its possible upgrades while also highlighting the Galaxy S24 as the “world's first AI phone”. Samsung Galaxy S25 Series Upgrades During Samsung Electronics' earnings call for the second quarter of 2024, Daniel Araujo, Corporate Vice President of its Mobile eXperience (MX) division, talked about the company's upcoming flagship smartphone lineup – the Galaxy S25 series. It will feature “top-of-the-line upgrades” in terms of camera and display at launch, as per the official. “And we're also preparing industry-best APs [application processors] and memory to boost AI performance and offer an overall premium experience”, Araujo added. Samsung Knox Adds New Data Protection Features for Galaxy Users In recent months, reports have suggested that the Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra, which is expected to be its flagship product, might get two new image sensors, improving the capabilities of the ultra-wide-angle and telephoto cameras. The existing ultra-wide sensor on the Galaxy S24 Ultra is speculated to be replaced by a “new version of the 1/2.76-inch JN1 sensor”, while its resolution could also be bumped up to 50-megapixel. The telephoto lens is also said to get a new “1/3-inch ISOCELL sensor” which may be slightly larger than the existing one. The official also highlighted that Samsung is expanding Galaxy AI – its suite of artificial intelligence (AI) services – beyond smartphones to include ecosystem devices such as smartwatches, TWS earbuds, Galaxy Ring, tablets, and Galaxy Book laptops. It will also be integrated at the software level in the operating system (OS), apps and more. Samsung Could Roll Out Android 15-Based One UI 7.0 Beta in August


Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Tipped to Get More RAM Than Galaxy S24 Ultra During the same call, Samsung confirmed the existence of its upcoming proprietary mobile chipset – the Exynos 2500. It will be developed by Samsung System's large-scale integration (LSI) division and the company aims to ensure a stable supply of it for its “flagship products”. While Samsung did not name the devices, the Galaxy S25 series is tipped to be one of the smartphones powered by this chipset, albeit in select regions. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "OnePlus Open Apex Edition to Launch in India on August 7 in New Colourway: Expected Specifications" ,  OnePlus Open Apex Edition will launch in India and globally on August 7, the company announced on Thursday. With its debut, OnePlus will introduce a new colourway for the smartphone. However, the changes may not be just cosmetic, with a listing on the official website suggesting this new edition could also get upgrades in terms of RAM and storage. Notably, OnePlus Open was introduced in India in October 2023 in a single 16GB RAM+512GB storage configuration. OnePlus Open Apex Edition According to the teaser shared by OnePlus on X (formerly Twitter), the OnePlus Open Apex Edition will come in a new colourway called Crimson Shadow. As the name suggests, it may be a shade of crimson in the vegan leather style. The company says this colourway is inspired by its signature “Never Settle” red. This new option is expected to join the existing colourways of the OnePlus Open, which are Emerald Dusk and Voyager Black. A supreme form to rule them all. The #OnePlusOpen Apex Edition. Launching August 7.Know more: https://t.co/DOc1ODUZ4d pic.twitter.com/gnilUEAQ3X— OnePlus India (@OnePlus_IN) August 1, 2024 This isn't likely to be a successor to the foldable smartphone which launched last year but may be more of an enhanced edition. Notably, OnePlus Open 2 is reported to debut sometime in the second quarter of 2025 with Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 chipset. While OnePlus did not delve into any specifications of the Apex Edition, it is likely to retain most of the internals of the standard OnePlus Open. However, there could be some upgrades too. A listing for an additional configuration variant of the Oneplus Open Apex Edition on the brand's website suggests it could come with more RAM and in-built storage. OnePlus Open Specifications The OnePlus Open sports a 7.82-inch 2K Flexi-fluid LTPO 3.0 AMOLED primary display with a 120Hz dynamic refresh rate and up to 2,800 nits of peak brightness. On the outside, it gets a 6.31-inch 2K LTPO 3.0 Super Fluid AMOLED display putting out the same refresh rate and peak brightness numbers as the inner screen. It is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 chip with an Adreno 740 GPU, paired with 16GB of LPDDR5x RAM and 512GB of UFS 4.0 storage. The Open runs on OxygenOS 13.2 based on Android 13. In terms of optics, the OnePlus Open is equipped with a Hasselblad-branded triple camera setup, comprising a 48-megapixel Sony LYT-T808 primary camera with optical image stabilisation (OIS) and electronic image stabilisation (EIS), a 64-megapixel 3X telephoto camera with an OmniVision OV64B sensor, and a 48-megapixel Sony IMX581 ultra-wide-angle camera. For selfies, it features a 20-megapixel front camera on the primary display and a 32-megapixel selfie shooter on the cover display. OnePlus Buds May Soon Allow You to Toggle This AI-Powered Calling Feature


OnePlus Promises Free Screen Upgrade for Select Models in India: Report


Smartphone Shipments In India Decline in Q2 2024, Analysis Reveals The handset is backed by a dual-cell 4,800mAh battery that supports 67W SuperVOOC charging via USB Type-C. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp for Android Reportedly Testing Voice Messages Feature for Meta AI" ,  WhatsApp for Android is reportedly testing a new feature for its recently added artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot, Meta AI. As per the claims of a feature tracker, this feature will allow users to send voice messages to the chatbot. Meta AI is said to also be able to respond to messages, although in text format. The feature is reportedly rolling out to a small group of beta testers who will be able to use it. WhatsApp may expand it to a larger user group in the coming weeks. WhatsApp Reportedly Testing Meta AI Voice Messages Feature According to a post by WhatsApp feature tracker WABetaInfo, the voice messages feature for Meta AI was spotted in WhatsApp beta for Android version 2.24.16.10. Following its rollout, those who have enrolled in the Google Play Beta programme will be able to tap on the Meta AI button to access the chat interface and see a new voice message icon.  WhatsApp might soon let users send voice messages to Meta AIPhoto Credit: WABetaInfo  This icon is similar to the one seen on other chats and groups and is placed next to the text field at the bottom. As per the feature tracker, it will allow users to send voice messages to Meta AI. The AI will be able to process the audio and understand the query. It will then generate the response in text. Gadgets 360 staff members were unable to verify its availability on WhatsApp for the Android beta app. The feature can be useful in situations where the user cannot type a long question but still requires the information. Especially those users who are always on the go might find the speculated feature convenient. Interestingly, while Meta AI was always multimodal and could generate images, audio generation or processing has not been added to it so far. This update might change it finally. WhatsApp for Windows Might Allow Execution of Malicious Files


WhatsApp May Allow Users to React to Messages by Double-Tapping Them


Meta AI on WhatsApp Will Introduce Imagine Edits and Llama 3.1 405B Model Separately, WhatsApp for Android is reportedly testing a way to quickly react to messages by double-tapping them. The feature is said to add a heart emoji by default, once a message has been double-tapped by a user. Notably, Instagram and Facebook already support this feature. Currently, this feature is in beta and no date for its public release has been revealed. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Chrome Upgraded With Google Lens, Gemini AI-Powered Browser History and More" ,  Google Chrome is getting three new artificial intelligence (AI) features, the company announced on Thursday. The Chrome browser was already infused with Google's in-house AI model Gemini earlier this year, but those features are only available to paying Workspace subscribers. However, the tech giant is now adding AI features that all users will be able to use. These include the integration of Google Lens, an AI-powered browser history that supports natural language queries, and a way to compare products across websites. Google Chrome New AI Features In a blog post, Google announced the new features for the Chrome browser. The company highlighted that over the last few years, the browser was integrated with AI features in the background to make the user experience better. These features include AI-generated real-time captions for media with audio and a way to organise tabs. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  With the current update, Google Chrome is getting integrated with Google Lens. The visual lookup feature was added to the smartphone app years ago, but now it is being brought to the desktop browser with a slight tweak. Instead of needing to click a picture to run it through Lens, users can simply run a visual lookup, similar to Circle to Search. Google Chrome Gets Circle to Search-Like Feature on Desktop Google Lens is being added to the Chrome address bar, and users will be able to click it to select any part of their screen and run a visual search on it. A side panel will open and users will see visual matches. At this point, users can use the multisearch feature to fine-tune the search by colour, brand, or other details. Follow-up questions can also be asked to dive deeper into a topic. The feature is currently being rolled out to all users.  Tab compare feature on Google ChromePhoto Credit: Google  Another interesting feature coming to Chrome is called Tab Compare. The feature is essentially a shopping tool that offers an AI-generated overview of products from across multiple tabs and shows them on a single page. The information will be shown in a tablet format for easy comparison. The search giant said the table will show details such as product specifications, features, price, and ratings. This feature will first roll out in the US over the next few weeks. Google Abandons Plan to Get Rid of Third-Party Cookies on Chrome


Google Chrome May Soon Read Webpages for You Out Loud When Minimised Finally, Google is also rolling out an AI-powered upgrade to Chrome's browser history. The feature will allow users to access the history and type a natural language query such as “What was the last ice cream shop I looked at last week?” and Chrome will pull up the relevant pages. To ensure privacy, this feature will include browsing data from incognito mode and can be turned on or off in settings. It is also being launched in the US first and will be available over the coming weeks. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold Display, Specifications and Price Leak Ahead of Launch: Report" ,  Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold is scheduled to launch on August 13 alongside the Pixel 9 series. The new phones will be unveiled in India on August 14. The Pixel 9 Pro Fold will be Google's first foldable smartphone to debut in India, with last year's Pixel Fold having not making its way here. Ahead of its official debut, the display, dimensions and other specifications of the foldable smartphone have reportedly been leaked. Furthermore, it is also speculated to have a similar pricing to its predecessor. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold Specifications (Expected) In a 91Mobiles report, the marketing material of the Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold have been leaked, shedding light on various specifications of the smartphone. In terms of display, it is speculated to get an upgrade on the sizing front. It is tipped to sport a 6.3-inch Actua cover display and an 8-inch Super Actua main display, with rounded corners.  Google Pixel 9 Pro FoldPhoto Credit: 91Mobiles The foldable smartphone is said to come with Google's Titan M2 security chip and an in-built VPN. Being a Pixel, it will feature artificial intelligence (AI) features too, with the leak hinting at existing features like Circle to Search, Magic Editor, and Best Take. Additionally, it may also boast a new ‘Add Me' feature which could let people add themselves to group photos leveraging AI. Like other Pixel phones, the Pixel 9 Pro Fold's retail box is tipped to have the handset, USB Type-C cable, and a SIM ejector tool but no charging brick. However, the leak did not mention the Quick Switch adapter which Google supplies along with its smartphones. In terms of dimensions, the handset is expected to measure 155.2 x 150.2 x 5.1 mm when folded and 155.2 x 77.1 x 10.5mm when unfolded, according to an Android Headlines report. This would make it thinner than not only its predecessor but also the recently launched Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6. The smartphone may also weigh less than the Pixel Fold, but at 257g, it is expected to be on the heavier side in the foldable smartphone market. Google Pixel 9 May Not Offer Substantial Upgrades Over Pixel 8


Google Pixel Watch 3 Promo Images Surface Online; Suggests New Features


Google Pixel 9 Series May Not Get Latest Android 15 at Launch Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold Price (Expected) According to 91Mobiles, the Pixel 9 Pro Fold could debut in two storage variants: 256GB and 512GB. The configurations are speculated to be priced at $1,799 (roughly Rs. 1,51,000) and $1,919 (roughly Rs. 1,61,000), respectively. If true, it would put the handset at par with its predecessor in terms of pricing. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iQoo Z9s Series Launch Date in India Confirmed, to Arrive on August 21" ,  iQoo Z9s series was confirmed on Thursday to launch in India on August 21. The company has been teasing the smartphone in the last couple of weeks. Last week, Gadgets 360 exclusively confirmed the names of the smartphones — the iQoo Z9s and iQoo Z9s Pro. Recently, the phone models were also spotted on GeekBench. While not a lot is known about the handsets, earlier reports have revealed some of the possible specifications. Notably, the iQoo Z9s is believed to be the rebranded version of the iQoo Z9 sold in China. iQoo Z9s Series Launch Date Confirmed The launch date was confirmed by iQoo CEO Nipun Marya (@nipunmarya) in a post on X (formerly known as Twitter). The post was accompanied by a picture teasing the smartphones in a golden colourway. The promotional image also used the tagline “Segment's fastest curved screen phone”, which likely referred to its refresh rate. Mark your calendar— #iQOOZ9sSeries will elevate your Megatasking game! #FullyLoadedForTheMegaTaskers pic.twitter.com/HfSkKpPqP2— Nipun Marya (@nipunmarya) August 1, 2024 Earlier this month, Marya also teased the design of one of the iQoo Z9s series handsets. In the post, the smartphone was seen in a white colourway with a marble-like pattern. This colour option could be called ‘Luxe Marble,' which was teased in another X post by the official handle of iQoo India. In the teaser image, the smartphone featured a rectangular camera module placed on its top left side. The module had a silver border with rounded edges which could be metallic. The volume rocker and power button could be seen on the right edge of the device. In an interaction with Gadgets 360 last month, Marya had said that the launch of iQoo Z9s and Z9s Pro would mark a first-time event in the brand's history in India. This is the first time the company is launching two devices simultaneously in the Z-series. [Exclusive] iQOO Z9s and Z9s Pro India Launch Timeline Revealed


iQoo Z9s Series India Launch Set for August; Rear Design Teased


iQoo 13 Key Specifications Leaked, Said to Be Equipped With This Chipset According to an earlier report, one of the iQoo Z9s handsets was spotted on GeekBench. The model number Vivo l2035 was noted. The phone appeared with 1,137 and 3,044 points on the single and multi-core tests, respectively. Based on the scores, it was said that the handset could be equipped with the Snapdragon 7 Gen 3 chipset along with Adreno 720 GPU. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "OpenAI Says It's 'Dedicated' to Making Sure Its AI Tools Don’t Cause Harm in Letter to US Lawmakers" ,  OpenAI, responding to questions from US lawmakers, said it's dedicated to making sure its powerful AI tools don't cause harm, and that employees have ways to raise concerns about safety practices. The startup sought to reassure lawmakers of its commitment to safety after five senators including Senator Brian Schatz, a Democrat from Hawaii, raised questions about OpenAI's policies in a letter addressed to Chief Executive Officer Sam Altman. “Our mission is to ensure artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity, and we are dedicated to implementing rigorous safety protocols at every stage of our process,” Chief Strategy Officer Jason Kwon said Wednesday in a letter to the lawmakers. You Can Now Use ChatGPT’s Advanced Voice Mode With Real-Time Responses Specifically, OpenAI said it will continue to uphold its promise to allocate 20 percent of its computing resources toward safety-related research over multiple years. The company, in its letter, also pledged that it won't enforce non-disparagement agreements for current and former employees, except in specific cases of a mutual non-disparagement agreement. OpenAI's former limits on employees who left the company have come under scrutiny for being unusually restrictive. OpenAI has since said it has changed its policies. Altman later elaborated on its strategy on social media. “Our team has been working with the US AI Safety Institute on an agreement where we would provide early access to our next foundation model so that we can work together to push forward the science of AI evaluations,” he wrote on X. OpenAI's AI-Powered Search Engine Is Here to Rival Google, Perplexity a few quick updates about safety at openai:as we said last july, we're committed to allocating at least 20% of the computing resources to safety efforts across the entire company.our team has been working with the US AI Safety Institute on an agreement where we would provide…— Sam Altman (@sama) August 1, 2024 Kwon, in his letter, also cited the recent creation of a safety and security committee, which is currently undergoing a review of OpenAI's processes and policies. In recent months, OpenAI has faced a series of controversies around its commitment to safety and ability for employees to speak out on the topic. Several key members of its safety-related teams, including former co-founder and chief scientist Ilya Sutskever, resigned, along with another leader of the company's team devoted to assessing long-term safety risks, Jan Leike, who publicly shared concerns that the company was prioritizing product development over safety. © 2024 Bloomberg LP .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)




title = "Telegram Rolls Out Multi-Tab In-App Browser and Mini App Store With July Update" ,  Telegram introduced a slew of new features that aimed at enhancing the overall user experience on Thursday. One of the key additions rolled out on the instant messaging platform is a new in-app browser with support for multiple tabs. The messaging service has also announced that its 950 million monthly active users can now take advantage of the new option which enables them to gift Telegram Stars to friends or family. This development comes a month after the platform rolled out support for Copilot — Microsoft's artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot. Telegram Updated With Multi-Tab In-App Browser, Mini Apps Store In a blog post, Telegram highlighted all of the new features that are rolling out to users with the latest update. It introduces a new in-app browser that supports opening multiple tabs, enabling users to switch between collapsed and reopened windows, according to the service. Telegram's new in-app browser also supports decentralised websites hosted on the The Open Network (TON) on mobile and desktop platforms. While viewing a webpage, users can go back to chats without losing their progress, as per Telegram. A new Apps tab has also been added in Search, enabling users to browse through the mini apps present on the platform. This option also lets them check the list of apps they already use and view some of the most popular mini apps on the platform. Previews of these apps can now include video demos and screenshots which developers can upload.  Tab for Mini Apps on TelegramPhoto Credit: Telegram Furthermore, content generated via mini apps — such as leaderboard snapshots or AI-generated videos — can now be shared as a Telegram Story straight from the mini app. Stories also have a new animated weather widget. Telegram Stars, which were initially intended for the purchase of content in mini apps or paid channel content, can now be gifted to friends or family. When recording a video story with the front camera, the front flash can now be used to brighten up the screen. After updating to the latest version of Telegram for iOS or Android smartphones, a new flash icon will appear at the bottom-left corner of the screen in the camera user interface (UI). Telegram has also introduced the ability to select a cover for a video story, enabling users to choose the image they wish to see at the front. Delhi Metro Commuters Can Now Top-Up Their Smart Cards via WhatsApp


X Will Soon Let You Edit Direct Messages After Sending Them


WhatsApp May Allow Users to React to Messages by Double-Tapping Them Apart from the mobile platform, the new in-app browser and mini apps tab features have also been introduced for macOS as part of the July update, according to Telegram. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iPhone SE 4 to Be Equipped With Same OLED Panel as iPhone 13: Report" ,  iPhone SE 4 rumours have been swirling around for several months now, even though there's no word from Apple on plans to introduce a new affordable smartphone. The purported handset is expected to be a successor to the iPhone SE (2022) and could come with major upgrades in terms of design, processor, and battery life. A recent report suggests that Apple could use the same OLED display in the handset as the iPhone 13 but with some downgrades, which may also lower the Cupertino company's manufacturing costs. iPhone SE 4 Display Details Leaked The Elec reports (in Korean) that Chinese supplier BOE Technology is expected to be the first to produce displays for the rumoured iPhone SE 4. It has reportedly won the contract over Samsung due to lower costs of the panel and will contribute to 60-70 percent of the total displays sourced by Apple. Meanwhile, LG Display could be Apple's second supplier for the handset, and the firm is reportedly expected to deliver the remaining panels. The publication states that Apple is likely to reuse the 6.1-inch Super XDR displays originally manufactured for the iPhone 13 — a measure that is speculated to help Apple reduce the manufacturing costs of the smartphone and simplify its production processes. iPhone Users in Japan Can Now Use Apple's Emergency SOS via Satellite Feature The report further suggests that BOE suffered production-linked issues in the past when supplying the OLED displays with the hole-punch cutout which is used in recent models like the iPhone 15. It is also reported to be struggling with the production of the iPhone 16 displays which is scheduled to launch later this year. iPhone SE 4 Specifications (Expected) Previous leaks also hint that the iPhone SE 4 may arrive with a radical design change, with Apple ditching its iconic smartphone design with a home button, for a more modern look inspired by its recent smartphone models. It is tipped to feature a 6.06-inch OLED display with a 60Hz refresh rate. You Can Now Summarise Web Pages on Safari With a New AI Feature


iPhone 16 Dummy Units Leak Showing New Design, These Five Colour Options In terms of optics, the smartphone may be equipped with a single 48-megapixel rear camera. It is said to be powered by Apple's next generation A18 chipset, coupled with either 6GB or 8GB LPDDR5 RAM options. The handset may support Face ID instead of Touch ID, and it is expected to have a USB Type-C port, in compliance with the European Union's Digital Markets Act (DMA). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Reddit Acquires Generative AI Startup Memorable AI" ,  Reddit is acquiring Memorable AI, a startup that uses generative artificial intelligence to help marketers create better ads, in its first acquisition since going public in March. Memorable AI has built technology to help advertisers find the most effective text, images and videos to use in their sponsored messages, and Reddit hopes the acquisition will improve the quality of ads on its service. “This acquisition allows Reddit to accelerate our work in optimizing, generating, and selecting ad creative to deliver even better results for advertisers,” Reddit Chief Operating Officer Jen Wong said in a statement. Reddit to Update Web Standard to Block Automated Website Scraping New York-based Memorable AI was founded in 2021, and uses AI to help marketers predict how often an ad will lead to a direct action, such as downloading an app or visiting a website. The Memorable AI employees will join Reddit's advertising team. Reddit did not disclose financial terms of the deal. Reddit has been investing heavily in both its advertising business and artificial intelligence tools. The company first launched ads nearly two decades ago, shortly after Reddit was founded, but didn't begin heavily investing in advertising technology until 2018. Since then the company has added a variety of new advertising features, including shopping and video ads. The social media site makes about 98 percent of its revenue from advertising, and last year reported $804 million in sales. Ads on Reddit appear in several places, including the main home feed, inside of discussion forums called subreddits and below user posts. OpenAI Will Now Use Reddit’s Content for ChatGPT and New AI Products Reddit has also been striking deals with artificial intelligence companies. It signed data licensing deals worth $203 million with companies including OpenAI and Alphabet' Google, to help train their AI models. In May, Reddit announced a pact with OpenAI that would bring its content to ChatGPT, while also helping the social media company add new AI features to its forums. Reddit had previously acquired AI companies Spell, MeaningCloud and Spiketrap, startups that helped the social media site improve its content recommendations and place ads. © 2024 Bloomberg LP .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)




title = "iPhone 16 Pro Colours Options Showcased in New Leak, Image Suggests Darker Titanium Black Finish" ,  iPhone 16 series launch is still far away, but new leaks and rumours about Apple's next line of iPhones are surfacing almost every other day. A new leak has now revealed three of the colour options for the iPhone 16 Pro models. A fourth Rose Titanium colour option was also reported earlier, but it was not visible in the latest leak. While no launch date is known at the moment, the iPhone 16 series is expected to be introduced in either September or October. iPhone 16 Pro Colour Options Leaked In a post on X (formerly known as Twitter), tech reviewer Sonny Dickson posted an image which appears to be of the iPhone 16 Pro Max model. The smartphones were shown in three colour variants, which could be Black Titanium, Natural Titanium, and White Titanium. These colour options were also available with the iPhone 15 Pro model. pic.twitter.com/uV7atb2wl4— Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) August 1, 2024 Based on the image, the Titanium Black colour option appears to be much darker than the Black Titanium variant in the 15 Pro models. It is possible that Apple tweaked the colour to make it darker. However, it could also be a lighting issue while clicking the picture. The Natural Titanium and White Titanium look similar to their predecessors. Interestingly, a fourth colourway has also been reported for the iPhone 16 Pro model. As per the report, the Blue Titanium colour option could be ditched in favour of a Rose Titanium colourway, which is a light pink finish. Both of these rumours corroborate a previous claim by supply chain analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who said that iPhone 16 Pro models will be available in Black Titanium, Natural Titanium, Rose Titanium, and White Titanium. On the other hand, the iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Plus models will reportedly feature the same colourways as the iPhone 15 series, with only the yellow variant being speculated to be replaced with a white colour option. iPhone 16 Dummy Units Leak Showing New Design, These Five Colour Options


Apple May Launch 'Made in India' iPhone 16 Pro Models for the First Time


Apple Tipped to Use iPhone 16's Back Cover for Next Budget iPhone Separately, the iPhone 16 Pro model is also rumoured to get a display size upgrade from 6.1-inch to 6.27-inch. It could also get a 20 percent increase in brightness and may arrive with a peak brightness of 1,200 nits. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Spotify Brings Back Expanded Lyrics Feature for Free Users but With a Monthly Limit: Report" ,  Spotify — the Swedish audio streaming service — is bringing back a highly requested feature months after it was put behind a paywall and removed from the free tier, according to the company. The lyrics feature is rolling out for users without a subscription to Spotify following widespread backlash, but a monthly limit will still apply. The development comes weeks after the company detailed its plans for a new “deluxe” subscription tier which would offer high-fidelity audio streaming to users. Spotify Lyrics Return to Free Subscription Tier Spotify first announced that it would limit lyrics for free users in September 2023, with wider complaints on the service's community forums and social media about its inaccessibility in May this year. Following this change, if free users crossed a limit of three songs, a Spotify Premium subscription would be required to view lyrics. A Spotify spokesperson told TechCrunch that the music streaming platform is bringing back lyrics for users who don't have a premium subscription. “Over the coming weeks, we'll be expanding lyrics availability for Spotify free users so more people can enjoy viewing more lyrics, globally”, the spokesperson said. Google Search Will Offer Users Better Protection from Explicit Deepfakes However, Spotify will not offer unlimited access to lyrics without a premium subscription. While it did not specify the exact limit, a company representative told 9to5Google that the figure is “higher than anyone would ever reach”. The changes are speculated to be rolled out onto the platform over the coming weeks. The music streaming service's earnings call for the second quarter of 2024 revealed that it has a total of 626 million active monthly listeners out of which, only 246 million are paid subscribers. This means more than half of Spotify's user base is still on the free tier. WhatsApp for Windows Might Allow Execution of Malicious Files


X Will Soon Let You Edit Direct Messages After Sending Them The company has also introduced a price hike in recent months. In June, the price of all the Spotify Premium subscriptions in the US saw an increase for the second time in 12 months, with the Individual plan now costing $11.99 (roughly Rs. 1,003) a month, up from $10.99 (roughly Rs. 920). .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Qualcomm Reportedly Plans to Announce New Snapdragon X Series Chipsets in September" ,  Qualcomm might announce new Snapdragon X series chipsets next month, according to a report. The chipmaker introduced its Snapdragon X series processors in April, and currently, it is the only chipset available for consumer laptops that meets the specifications required for Copilot+ PCs. This is because the dedicated Hexagon neural processing unit (NPU) in the chipset is said to capable of 45 trillion operations per second (TOPS), and Microsoft qualifies laptops with at least 40 TOPS as Copilot+ PC. It is not known whether the new X series chips will beat the NPU performance of the company's existing processors. New Snapdragon X Series Chipsets Could Debut Next Month At its Snapdragon India event held earlier this week, Qualcomm showcased the capabilities of its X series chipsets and introduced the 5G-enabled Snapdragon 4s Gen 2 mobile platform. During the event, Kedar Kondap, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Compute and Gaming, Qualcomm hinted that more X series chipsets might be announced in September. According to a report by FoneArena, Kondap might be alluding to the upcoming Internationale Funkausstellung (IFA) 2024 event in Berlin, which is a consumer electronics trade show. The chipmaker could reportedly introduce new variants of the Snapdragon X Plus and X Elite chips. The publication claims that while new chip models are unlikely, new stock-keeping units (SKUs) of existing processors could be unveiled. Qualcomm Launches Snapdragon 4s Gen 3 Chip For Affordable 5G Smartphones There are three existing SKUs for the Snapdragon X Elite — X1E-78-100, X1E-80-100, and X1E-84-100. Each chip has minor performance and efficiency differences, while the cost of each chip also varies. As per the speculation, more SKUs in the Elite and Plus tier can be introduced at the Berlin event. Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 Chipset Might Not Offer Significant CPU Improvements


Qualcomm Could Launch Its Flagship Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 Chip on This Date Apart from this, the company is also expected to announce the new Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 mobile platform in its annual event in October. Qualcomm has revealed that the chipset will use its in-house Oryon CPU and will feature a dedicated NPU. An earlier report claimed that the chipset could feature a significant improvement in the Adreno 750 GPU's power efficiency, but may only get a single-digit CPU performance increase. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Poco M6 Plus 5G With Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 AE SoC, 108-Megapixel Camera Debuts in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Poco M6 Plus 5G was launched in India on Thursday. The smartphone is equipped with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 AE (accelerated edition) chipset paired with up to 8GB of RAM. It comes with a dual-sided glass design and an IP53-rated build for dust and splash resistance. The phone also carries a 108-megapixel dual rear camera unit and a 6.79-inch 120Hz full-HD+ display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection. The handset joins the Poco M6 5G and the Poco M6 Pro 5G in the lineup. Poco M6 Plus 5G Price in India, Availability The Poco M6 Plus 5G starts in India at Rs. 13,499 for the 6GB + 128GB option, while the 8GB + 128GB variant is priced at Rs. 14,499. The phone will be available for purchase in the country via Flipkart starting at 12pm IST on August 5. It is offered in three colour options — Graphite Black, Ice Silver, and Misty Lavender. Poco M6 Plus 5G Specifications, Features The Poco M6 Plus 5G sports a 6.79-inch full-HD+ (2,400 x 1,080 pixels) display with 120Hz adaptive refresh rate and Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection. The handset is powered by a Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 AE (accelerated edition) SoC, which is paired with up to 8GB of RAM and 128GB storage. You can get another 8GB of virtual RAM. It ships with Android 14-based HyperOS and will support two Android updates and four years of security updates. Poco M6 5G 64GB Variant Goes on Sale in India on July 20: See Price For optics, the Poco M6 Plus 5G has a dual rear camera unit, including a 108-megapixel main sensor with 3x in-sensor zoom support and a 2-megapixel macro sensor. For selfies and video calls, there's a 13-megapixel camera at the front. Poco M6 Plus 5G, Poco Buds X1 Retail Boxes Leak; Key Features Tipped


Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition Debuts in India at This Price The Poco M6 Plus 5G packs a 5,030mAh battery with 33W wired fast charging support. It supports 5G, 4G LTE, dual-band Wi-Fi and USB Type-C connectivity. For security, it has a side-mounted fingerprint sensor. The phone comes with an IP53 rating for dust and splash resistance. The handset measures 168.6 x 76.28 x 8.3mm in size and weighs 205g.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Dell Latitude 7455 Copilot+ AI PC With Snapdragon X-Series Chips Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Dell Latitude 7455 was launched in India on Thursday. The laptop supports Copilot+ features on Windows 11 and is powered by Qualcomm's latest Arm processors — the Snapdragon X Elite and Snapdragon X Plus. The laptop supports AI features like Cocreator and Live Captions that are touted to improve user productivity. The laptop is claimed to offer a local video playback time of up to 22 hours. It flaunts an aluminium chassis and comes with up to 32GB of RAM and up to 1TB of onboard storage. Dell Latitude 7455 Price in India Dell Latitude 7455 price in India starts at Rs. 1,49,990 and is currently available for purchase in the country via the Dell India website. The laptop is offered in a Titan Grey shade and should also be available for purchase via e-commerce websites and retail stores across the country. Dell XPS 13, Inspiron 14 Copilot+ AI PCs Launched in India: Details Dell Latitude 7455 Specifications, Features The newly launched Dell Latitude 7455 sports a 14-inch Quad-HD+ (2,560 x 1,600 pixels) IPS touchscreen anti-glare display with a 16:10 aspect ratio, 400nits of peak brightness and ComfortView Plus Low Blue Light certification. The laptop is offered in two processor variants — Snapdragon X Elite and Snapdragon X Plus, paired with an Adreno 740 GPU. It is available with up to 32GB of LPDDR5x RAM and up to 1TB of SSD storage. The laptop offers support for Copilot+ AI features and the neural processing unit (NPU) is said to increase the overall efficiency of the laptop which features AI-backed functionality. Users can employ Cocreator to generate AI images from prompts, or use Live Captions to translate live or pre-recorded audio from a list of 44 languages to English. The Windows Studio effects can also help users adjust lighting or filters during a video call. The Dell Latitude 7455 is equipped with a Full-HD IR camera, quad speakers with Qualcomm Aqstic Speaker Max technology and Neural Noise Cancellation that is claimed to improve the video calling experience. The laptop packs a 54Wh battery that can be charged using a 65W AC adapter over a USB Type-C port. Dell Is Building Future-Ready Machines With AI Capabilities: Pujan Chadha


Microsoft Unveils Copilot+ PCs With New AI-Powered Features Other connectivity options for the Dell Latitude 7455 include Wi-Fi 7, 5G, and Bluetooth 5.4. The laptop is equipped with two USB Type-C USB 4.0 ports, one USB 3.2 Gen 1 port, one universal audio jack and one microSD card reader. It measures 314 x 16.9 x 223.75mm in size and weighs 1.44kg. 




title = "PS Plus Monthly Games for August Include Lego Star Wars, Five Nights at Freddy’s and Ender Lilies" ,  Sony has revealed the slate of monthly games joining PlayStation Plus in August. This month, the free games coming to PS Plus include action-adventure title Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga, survival horror game Five Nights at Freddy's: Security Breach and action-RPG platformer Ender Lilies: Quietus of the Knights. The three monthly titles will be playable for all PS Plus members across Essential, Extra and Deluxe/Premium tiers starting August 6. This month's PS Plus lineup, announced on the PlayStation Blog Wednesday, will be available till September 2. PS Plus subscribers can add these free titles to their game libraries from August 6 and continue playing them beyond September 2 with an active PS Plus subscription. The July lineup of PS Plus monthly games is still available on the service and can be added to the game library till August 6. These include Borderlands 3, NHL 24 and Among Us. Here's a look at the PS Plus monthly games lineup for August: PS Plus Game Catalog Adds Remnant 2, Mount & Blade 2: Bannerlord, More in July Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga Ubisoft's Star Wars Outlaws releases later this month on August 30, but before you decide to dip into the open-world action-adventure game, you can get a taste for galaxies far, far away in Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga. Developed by Traveller's Tales, the Lego-themed title takes players through the stories of all nine Skywalker Saga Star Wars films, which include the original trilogy, the prequels and the recent sequels. Released in 2022, Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga is a hefty game, bringing iconic moments from the films in a single package. There's lightsaber combat, blaster showdowns, aerial encounters, all your favourite Star Wars characters and more. The Skywalker Saga is a must-play for Star Wars fans. It joins PS Plus on PS4 and PS5 on August 6.  Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga is available on PS4 and PS5Photo Credit: Warner Bros. Games Five Nights at Freddy's: Security Breach The Five Nights at Freddy's series barely needs an introduction, and this month, PS Plus adds the ninth main instalment in the long-running horror franchise. Five Nights at Freddy's: Security Breach takes place in a shopping mall, Freddy Fazbear's Mega Pizzaplex, where players are put into the shoes of Gregory. As Gregory, players must face the horrors of the mall and survive till the morning. The game brings free-roam gameplay, and for a change, the titular Freedy Fazbear helps the players take on other animatronics who are after Gregory. Five Nights at Freddy's Security Breach arrives on both PS4 and PS5. Ender Lilies: Quietus of the Knights A fantasy action-RPG platformer, Ender Lilies: Quietus of the Knights tells the story of Lily, a priestess in Land's End, a sprawling kingdom left in ruin by endless rain. As Lily, players explore diverse environments, dark caves and rain-drenched forests, taking on undead foes. The game features 2D platforming, with an emphasis on combat and puzzle-solving. Lily can summon purified spirits to aid her in combat. Over time, you find more spirits that join your ghostly arsenal and bring new abilities to help defeat challenging bosses. Ender Lilies: Quietus of the Knights will be available on the PS4 and will be accessible on the PS5 via backwards compatibility. Last month, Sony also revealed the slate of games joining the PS Plus Game Catalog in July. These include Remnant 2, Crisis Core – Final Fantasy VII – Reunion, Mount & Blade II: Bannerlord, The Jackbox Party Pack 9 and more. PS Plus Game Catalog is available to PS Plus Extra and Deluxe/Premium tier subscribers. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Search Updates Content Removal and Ranking System to Combat Explicit Deepfakes" ,  Google Search updated its removal processes and ranking systems on Wednesday to combat non-consensual fake explicit imagery, also known as deepfakes. The tech giant's new strategy involves quickly removing explicit deepfakes and demoting websites that host such content so that this type of content does not appear high up in Search results. The company claimed that it has also simplified the process of requesting the removal of explicit deepfakes. These changes are aimed at discouraging bad actors from using artificial intelligence (AI) to generate harmful content. Google Search to Remove Deepfakes In a blog post, Google announced that new changes were introduced to deal with the issue of the rise in explicit deepfakes. Many cybercriminals are leveraging AI image and video generation tools to generate fake explicit content about individuals and release them online. Celebrities, social media influencers, and other recognisable personalities are particularly targeted with deepfakes. Noting the nature of the threat, Google has updated its content removal process. Now, when someone successfully requests the removal of deepfakes featuring them from Search, Google's systems will take additional steps. The company said that Search will also filter all explicit results on similar searches on the individual as well as remove any duplicates of that image it can find. Notably, the removal will be from Google Search rankings, and it will not show up on the search result page. New Gemma 2 AI Model That Can Outperform GPT 3.5 Released by Google “These efforts are designed to give people added peace of mind, especially if they're concerned about similar content about them popping up in the future,” Google said. The tech giant has also updated the ranking systems. Whenever explicit deepfakes are requested on Google Search using a specific query, the company will aim to show high-quality, non-explicit content instead. The post highlighted that the technique can reduce exposure to fake explicit content by as much as 70 percent. These users will now see how deepfakes are impacting society instead of seeing non-consensual fake images and videos. Google Pixel 9 Series May Not Get Latest Android 15 at Launch


Google's AI Project Claims to Reduce Emissions at Traffic Intersections Further, if a website has a high volume of removals for explicit deepfakes, Google will take it as a signal that it is not a high-quality site and will demote it. For the future, the tech giant is working on differentiating explicit content which consensual such as a scene from a movie from explicit deepfakes. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Pixel 9’s Tensor G4 Chipset May Not Bring Significant Upgrades Over Pixel 8: Report" ,  Google Pixel 9 series is the company's upcoming flagship smartphone lineup which is set to debut on August 13. Ahead of its official launch, leaked benchmark scores of the handsets' Tensor G4 chipset suggest it may not offer much of an upgrade in terms of power but may have a positive impact on its efficiency. Notably, this development comes just a day after the storage and charging specifications of the Pixel 9 series were reportedly leaked. Google Pixel 9 Chipset According to a report by Android Authority, Pixel 9's Tensor G4 chipset will come with eight cores in a 4+3+1 arrangement. This means it could have four Cortex-A520 efficiency cores, three Cortex-A720 mid cores, and a single Cortex-X4 primary core. This arrangement is said to be different compared to the Tensor G3, which had nine cores in a 4+4+1 layout. This change is speculated to be an attempt to increase the chipset's thermal efficiency. Google is reported to utilise the new ARMv9.2 cores, with all of them having higher clock speeds compared to its predecessor. However, it is only tipped to have a small performance impact. As per the report, Geekbench scores of the Pixel 9 Pro XL vs Pixel 8 Pro suggest an 11 percent improvement in single-core and 3 percent increase in multi-core scores. New Gemma 2 AI Model That Can Outperform GPT 3.5 Released by Google The Pixel 9 Pro XL reportedly registered a single-core score of 1950 against the Pixel 8 Pro's 1761, while the multi-cores of both handsets came out to be 4655 and 4523, respectively. Google Pixel 9 Series May Not Get Latest Android 15 at Launch


Google Pixel Watch 3 Promo Images Surface Online; Suggests New Features Another report that came out in April suggested that Google's upcoming smartphone lineup will come equipped with the Exynos Modem 5400 manufactured by Samsung's LSI division. Courtesy of this upgrade, Pixel 9 series handsets are said to get satellite connectivity support. Furthermore, it is suggested that this new modem will offer up to 50 percent better power consumption than the modem used in the Pixel 8. Considering the efficiency troubles of previous Pixel smartphones, such as the Pixel 8, have been linked to the modems in the past, this upgrade could potentially have a positive impact on the battery life of the upcoming smartphones. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Confirms Exynos 2500 SoC, Aims to Ensure Stable Supply of the Chipset for ‘Flagship Products’" ,  Samsung confirmed the existence of its upcoming proprietary mobile chipset – the Exynos 2500 – during an earnings call with its investors on Thursday. As per the company, the chipset will be developed by Samsung System's large-scale integration (LSI) division. In the second half of the year, the South Korean technology conglomerate aims to maintain a stable supply of Exynos 2500 SoC for its “flagship products”. Exynos 2500 SoC Details According to Samsung, the Exynos 2500 will be a chipset fabricated on a 3-nanometre process. It will be developed based on the company's Gate-All-Around (GAA) transistor architecture which is claimed to improve performance by 23 percent while also reducing power usage by 45 percent. While the company did not name any specific devices, it highlighted the need for a stable supply of this chipset for its “flagship products” in 2H 2024. It is speculated that the Exynos 2500 SoC could power the Samsung Galaxy S25 series in select regions. Notably, Samsung uses its in-house chipsets in certain markets, and Qualcomm's SoCs in some markets. The Galaxy S24 lineup in India featured the Exynos 2400 SoC, whereas the Galaxy S24 Ultra came with the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 for Samsung chipset. Samsung Knox Adds New Data Protection Features for Galaxy Users In addition to ensuring a supply of its proprietary chipset, Samsung said that it also aims to expand the application of 200-megapixel image sensors in smartphone cameras from wide to telephoto. Samsung's Plans for 2H 2024 During the earnings call, the company revealed that it registered quarter-on-quarter growth in the mobile market. Strong demand for its flagship handsets, timely supply of new products and increased sales of rigid panels were claimed to be the major contributing factors. Smartphone Shipments In India Decline in Q2 2024, Analysis Reveals


Samsung Could Roll Out Android 15-Based One UI 7.0 Beta in August While it expects its premium smartphone segment to grow in the second half of 2024, it anticipates a slowdown in the mass segment. It announced plans to drive its revenue by expanding sales of flagship smartphones and ecosystem products. Samsung said that it expects the Galaxy S24 series to maintain its current growth trajectory, which is claimed to be bolstered by the company's marketing efforts. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Gemma 2 2B AI Model Released by Google DeepMind, Said to Outperform GPT 3.5 Models in Benchmark" ,  Gemma 2 2B artificial intelligence (AI) model was released by Google DeepMind on Thursday. It has become the latest addition to the Gemma 2 family of AI models and joins Gemma 2 27B and 9B models. Despite the lightweight size, the company claims that it outperformed GPT-3.5 models on the LMSYS Chatbot Arena benchmark. Alongside, the tech giant also released ShieldGemma, a suite of classifier models to filter the input and output of Gemma 2, and Gemma Scope, a research tool that offers insights into how the AI model functions. Gemma 2 2B AI Model's Features In a blog post on Google for Developers, the company announced Gemma 2 2B, which has become the smallest language model of the family. Introduced as an on-device AI model, the post highlighted that despite its small parameter size, the output is significantly higher than its weight class as it was distilled from larger models. However, the tech giant did not reveal which AI models were used for its training. Google also claimed that the Gemma 2 2B AI model outperformed the GPT-3.5 models on the large model systems organisation (LMSYS) Chatbot Arena Elo score. The AI model is said to have received a score of 1126, whereas Mixtral 8x7b Instruct v0.1 model scored 1114 and GPT-3.5 scored 1106. The AI model has also been optimised to run on a wide range of hardware. For edge devices and cloud-based deployment, it has been fine-tuned for Vertex AI and Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). It is also optimised for Nvidia TensorRT-LLM library and has been made available as an Nvidia NIM. Further, Gemma 2 2B also integrates with Keras, JAX, Hugging Face, and other major platforms. Since it is an open-source AI model, the open weights can be downloaded from Google's Hugging Face listing, Kaggle, or Vertex AI Model Garden. It can also be tried out on the Google AI Studio.  ShieldGemmaPhoto Credit: Google  Apart from Gemma 2, ShieldGemma, a suite of safety classifiers that can detect and remove harmful content in both the input and output of the AI model, was also released. Google said the system will focus on hate speech, harassment, sexually explicit content, and dangerous content. Gemini Might Soon Let You Edit Your AI-Generated Images on Android


Gemini AI Will Now Get Faster and More Powerful With Google’s New Update


Gemini AI to Take Centre Stage at Olympics 2024 With New Partnerships Finally, Gemma Scope, a research tool for academicians and developers was also released. The system uses sparse autoencoders (SAEs) to pinpoint specific parts within the model to highlight how the decision-making process works and how the architecture operates. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Getty Images Upgrades Its AI-Powered Image Generation Model, Adds Modification Capabilities" ,  Getty Images upgraded the artificial intelligence (AI) image generation model integrated within the platform, on Tuesday. The updated AI model is now built on the Nvidia Edify model architecture and offers faster generation speeds and a higher number of variations from a single prompt. The company also claims that the the new image generator adds more details to 4K images, and follows the prompt closely even when they are long. The AI model will power the company's AI tools including Generative AI by Getty Images and Generative AI by iStock. Getty Images Updates AI Model In a newsroom post, the company announced the updated AI model. It has now been released and can be tested on the Getty Images platform. The new image generation model is built using Nvidia's Edify architecture which is part of Nvidia Picasso, an AI foundry where software developers can build and deploy generative AI models for visual design. The company highlighted that the Edify architecture adds significant upgrades to the model, including higher output speed and quality, better alignment with prompts, and improved 4K upscaling. With this, now the AI model can generate four images in six seconds, which the company says is double the previous speed. You Can Now Summarise Web Pages on Safari With a New AI Feature Further, prompt adherence is said to be increased with the new model. Getty Images says the AI can now support up to 250 word-long prompts and can process complex requirements. Image modification capabilities are also available with the new large language model (LLM). Users can now add or change individual elements, extend the canvas, or remove backgrounds easily. On training data, Getty Images said, “The model was only trained on high resolution, licensed or owned images and metadata from Getty Images' vast creative library.” The company also claimed that no data or images were scraped from the internet, generated synthetically, or from outputs from other generators. You Can Now Use ChatGPT’s Advanced Voice Mode With Real-Time Responses


You Can Soon Generate Better Images on Canva Thanks to Leonardo.ai Additionally, the company claimed that the image generator has been trained to not produce outputs that might violate intellectual property or artist rights. As a result, prompts requesting images of identifiable people, protected locations, trademarks, or brands will not be fulfilled. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Pixel 9 Series Will Reportedly Miss Out on Android 15 at Launch; Storage, Charging Details Tipped" ,  Google Pixel 9 Series is scheduled to launch globally on August 13. Over the last few weeks, we've seen numerous leaks surface, hinting at various specifications about the upcoming smartphones – from display, and processor to battery. Ahead of its official debut, a new report suggests that Google's flagship handsets may not get Android 15 at launch and will run on an older operating system (OS) instead, breaking the trend of yesteryears. However, the Pixel 9 series are said to get an upgrade in terms of charging speed. Meanwhile, the storage configurations of the phones have also been leaked. Google Pixel 9 Series Operating System Google Pixel 9 series is expected to comprise four models: Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro Fold, and Pixel 9 Pro XL, with the latter being a new model that is likely to debut this year. According to a report by Android Headlines, all handsets in the lineup will run on Android 14, which is last year's operating system. Although several Android 15 beta updates have been released to developers in recent months and it reached “'platform stability” in June, the update is said to be delayed due to it not being completely ready. As per the report, it would be the first time that Google will debut its flagship smartphones running on an older operating system. Google Pixel Watch 3 Promo Images Surface Online; Suggests New Features The Android 14 update was also delayed last year due to reported bugs that needed fixing. However, Google previewed its Pixel 8 series in September 2023, followed by its launch and availability a month later. Thus, the handsets came with the Android 14 update. That is not likely to be the case this year as the Pixel 9 launch is taking place earlier than before. The models which will ship in the first few days are reported to come with Android 14, while those purchased later may run on Android 15 when it is publicly introduced. With its upcoming smartphones, Google has promised up to 7 years of software support, comprising OS updates security patches and Pixel feature drops. Google first announced this for the Pixel 8 series last year and it will be applied to its 2024 flagships too. This means the Pixel 9 series smartphones could have software support from the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) till 2031. Google Pixel 9 Series Charging, Storage Details According to another report, the Pixel 9 series will come with 128GB of storage as standard. The standard model will be offered in two storage options: 128GB and 256GB. On the other hand, both the Pro models are said to come in four configurations: 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB. Google's AI Project Claims to Reduce Emissions at Traffic Intersections The Pixel 9 Pro Fold, which is the successor to last year's Pixel Fold, will also be offered in two storage variants: 128GB and 256GB, however, only the latter will be sold in India, as per the report. Google Pixel 9 Series Might Let You Record and Transcribe Your Calls The base Pixel 9 model is tipped to feature 12GB of RAM while the Pixel 9 Pro and 9 Pro XL models will come with 16GB of RAM. The report also suggests that Google may bump up its upcoming smartphones' charging speeds. The Pixel 9 and 9 Pro are speculated to juice “up to 55% in about 30 minutes” using Google's 45W USB Type-C charger. Meanwhile, the Pixel 9 Pro XL, which is likely to be the largest non-foldable smartphone in the Pixel 9 lineup, is said to be charged “up to 70% in about 30 minutes”. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Motorola Edge 50 With 50-Megapixel Sony-Lytia 700C Camera, IP68 Rating Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Motorola Edge 50 was launched in India on Thursday. It is claimed to be the slimmest MIL-810H-rated curved smartphone in the segment and also boasts an IP68-rated build. The phone is equipped with a 50-megapixel Sony-Lytia 700C primary rear sensor and a 10-megapixel telephoto shooter. It is powered by a Snapdragon 7 Gen 1 Accelerated Edition chipset paired with 8GB of RAM. The handset joins the Motorola Edge 50 Pro, Edge 50 Ultra, and Edge 50 Fusion in the lineup. Motorola Edge 50 Price in India The Motorola Edge 50 starts in India at Rs. 27,999 for the sole 8GB + 256GB option. The handset will be available for purchase in the country via Flipkart and the official Motorola India website starting August 8. As for offers, customers using an Axis Bank or IDFC First Bank credit card or credit card EMI can get an instant discount of Rs. 2,000, bringing the price down to Rs. 25,999. The phone comes in three colourways —  Jungle Green, Pantone Peach Fuzz, and Koala Grey. The first two offer a vegan leather finish, while the last one offers a vegan suede finish. Motorola Edge 50 Pro Is Now Available in This Colour Option in India Motorola Edge 50 Specifications, Features The Motorola Edge 50 sports a 6.7-inch 1.5K Super HD pOLED curved display with a 120Hz refresh rate, 1,900 nits of peak brightness, HDR10+ support, and SGS Blue Light Reduction certification. It is equipped with Smart Water Touch technology which allows you to use the phone even with wet hands. Powered by a Snapdragon 7 Gen 1 AE (Accelerated Edition) chipset, the Motorola Edge 50 comes with 8GB of LPDDR4X RAM and up to 256GB of onboard storage. It ships with Android 14-based Hello UI. For optics, the Motorola Edge 50 carries a Moto AI-backed triple rear camera unit which includes a 50-megapixel Sony-Lytia 700C primary sensor, a 10-megapixel telephoto shooter with up to 3x optical zoom, and a 13-megapixel sensor paired with an ultra-wide-angle lens. There's a 32-megapixel camera on the front for selfies and video calls. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra With Snapdragon 8s Gen 3 Launched in India The Motorola Edge 50 is equipped with Dolby Atmos-backed dual-stereo speakers. It has an IP68 rating for dust and splash resistance and a MIL-810H military-grade certification which suggests it can withstand extreme temperatures and offer resistance among other things. For security, the handset carries an in-display fingerprint sensor. Motorola Edge 50 Fusion With Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC Launched in India Motorola has packed a 5,000mAh battery in the Edge 50 with support for 68W TurboCharging and 15W wireless charging. It also supports 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 6E, Bluetooth 5.2, NFC, GPS and USB Type-C connectivity.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Vu Vibe QLED TV With Integrated Soundbar Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Vu Vibe QLED TV was unveiled in India on July 30. The smart television is claimed to be the first one in the world to come with an integrated soundbar that is said to improve the voice clarity of the content being viewed. The newly launched TV also comes in four display sizes with QLED IPS panels that offer 400nits of peak brightness level. It runs on Google TV OS and is equipped with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of inbuilt storage. It also comes paired with a Vu Vibe Remote which has picture and sound hotkeys. Vu Vibe QLED TV Price in India, Availability The Vu Vibe QLED TV starts in India at Rs. 30,999 for the 43-inch model, while the 50-inch and 55-inch variants are priced at Rs. 35,999 and Rs. 41,999, respectively. The largest 65-inch version, on the other hand, carries a price tag of Rs. 58,999. Vu's new smart TVs are available for purchase at select offline retail stores across the country and will go on sale online, exclusively via Amazon, starting August 9. Vu Masterpiece QLED TV Series Launched in India: Check Price Vu Vibe QLED TV Specifications, Features The Vu Vibe QLED TV sports a 4K QLED IPS panel with 400 nits of brightness and a 60Hz refresh rate alongside HDR10+ support. It comes with a bezel-less design and is offered in four display sizes — 43-inch, 50-inch, 55-inch, and 65-inch. The newly launched Vu Vibe QLED TV comes integrated with an 88-watt soundbar and is claimed to offer a distortion-free immersive sound experience. It offers five different sound modes – Sound only, Cinema, Night, Dolby Audio, and Pure Surround. The dedicated sound-only mode allows the TV to play music while the screen is off. Users can play music through their Spotify or YouTube accounts directly on the Vu Vibe QLED TV. They can also pair multiple electronic devices to the TV using both Bluetooth or USB connections. It allows dual-band Wi-Fi connectivity as well. Vu Glo LED Ultra-HD TV Series Launched in India: All Details


Infinix 32Y1 Plus Smart TV With Dolby Audio Support Launched in India The Vu Vibe QLED TV runs on Google TV OS and has 2GB of RAM and 16GB of onboard storage. Users can play content on the TV using Google's Chromecast. The paired Vu Vibe remote is equipped with picture and sound hotkeys which allow users to navigate different audio and visual settings quickly.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Knox Rolls Out Private Sharing for Quick Share and Enhanced Data Protection Features" ,  Samsung introduced new features for Knox – the security management software for its devices – on Wednesday. One of the new features claims to make sharing files such as photos, videos and documents more secure by adding various permissions and expiration dates for the data. The other added feature enables end-to-end encryption in system backups created for the handset. Both these solutions are in-built proprietary offerings from Samsung, without requiring the installation of any third-party apps. Private Sharing on Samsung Knox In a blog post titled “The Knox Journals”, Samsung detailed the new features coming to Knox for Galaxy devices. The first addition is Private Sharing in Quick Share. The South Korean technology conglomerate says it is a privacy-preserving file-sharing feature that enables the transfer of files between users securely. Data shared via Private Sharing is said to be only accessible to the recipient. Users can also add an extra layer of security by setting an automatic timer for the files' visibility or choosing contacts who can open it. Furthermore, additional restrictions, such as prohibiting screenshots, read-only access and revoking access at any time, can also be enabled. Samsung says users can share up to 20 files at once with a total size of up to 200MB. To use Private Sharing, Galaxy users must choose the file they wish to share and tap on the Quick Share option. Next, they should tap on the three dots at the top-right corner of the screen, followed by the Turn on Private Sharing option. Enhanced Data Protection According to Samsung, the Galaxy S24 and newer models can take advantage of the Enhanced Data Protection feature whenever they sync or backup their data with Samsung Cloud on Galaxy devices. It is said to offer end-to-end encryption for the backed-up data. As per the company, the data stays secure even if the account credentials are stolen or the server is compromised.  Enhanced Data Protection Feature on Samsung KnoxPhoto Credit: Samsung Samsung Could Roll Out Android 15-Based One UI 7.0 Beta in August


Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Tipped to Get More RAM Than Galaxy S24 Ultra


Samsung Executive Calls India 'One of the Biggest' Global Markets When first enabled, users will be required to note down a recovery code that will come in handy if they lose their device. Samsung says the end-to-end encrypted data cannot be accessed by anyone, including the company itself. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




