title = "Vivo X200 Camera, Display Details Leak Online; Tipped to Get 50-Megapixel Main Rear Camera" ,  Vivo X100 with MediaTek Dimensity 9300 SoC and Zeiss branded cameras was launched in January in India alongside the Vivo X100 Pro. The flagship phone is still new in the market but details about its successor — Vivo X200 — are already appearing online. The upcoming X series smartphone is tipped to come with a 50-megapixel main Sony camera like its predecessor. MediaTek's upcoming Dimensity 9400 chipset is said to fuel the purported Vivo X200. It could flaunt a 1.5K resolution display. Vivo X200 Key Specifications (Revealed) On Weibo, tipster Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) posted alleged specifications of an upcoming flagship phone. The post doesn't include the exact name of the phone, but the comments on the post indicate that they are talking about the standard Vivo X200. As per the post, the purported Vivo X200 will feature a 50-megapixel Sony customised super-large bottom main camera. The primary camera is said to be accompanied by a 3x mid-range telephoto lens. It is tipped to feature a 1.5K resolution panel from a domestic (Chinese) manufacturer and with narrow bezels. Vivo V40, Vivo V40 Pro India Launch Date Announced Vivo is said to use high-density silicon on the large battery on the Vivo X200. But there's no mention of battery capacity. Few details about the Vivo X200 lineup surfaced from the same source last month. Both Vivo X200 and Vivo X200 Pro are tipped to pack MediaTek's unannounced Dimensity 9400 chipset under the hood. The Pro model is rumoured to carry an ultrasonic in-display fingerprint sensor for authentication. Vivo X100 Price in India, Specifications Price of the Vivo X100 in India starts at Rs. 63,999 for the 12GB RAM + 256GB storage variant. Vivo Y18i With Unisoc T612 SoC Goes Official in India: Check Price The Vivo X100 has a 6.78-inch (1,260 x 2,800 pixels) AMOLED 8T LTPO curved display and runs on MediaTek Dimensity 9300 SoC with up to 16GB of LPDDR5X RAM and Vivo V2 chip. It has a Zeiss-branded triple rear camera setup with a 50-megapixel primary Sony IMX920 VCS bionic main camera, a 50-megapixel ultra-wide-angle camera, and a 64-megapixel Zeiss super-telephoto camera. It carries a 32-megapixel selfie shooter. It houses a 5,000mAh battery with support for 120W fast charging support.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "iOS 17.6 Update Brings Apple Emergency SOS Via Satellite Feature to iPhone Users in Japan" ,  Apple rolled out the iOS 17.6 update for eligible iPhone models on Monday. The company previewed its upcoming iOS 18 update at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10, and the latest iOS 17 update does not add any groundbreaking new features to the iPhone. However, one key feature which could potentially save the user's life in dire situations — Emergency SOS via Satellite — has been expanded to one more country. Japan Gets Emergency SOS Via Satellite Feature The company says that eligible iPhone users in Japan can now access the Emergency SOS via Satellite feature after updating to iOS 17.6. With the latest update, they can contact emergency services using satellite-based communication even at locations with no cellular network or Wi-Fi connectivity. This feature was first introduced in November 2022 in the US and Canada. In subsequent months, it was expanded to a few other regions. At the time Apple announced that Emergency SOS via Satellite would be offered free of charge to users for a period of two years. However, the iPhone maker extended the period for one more year, making it free to use at least until 2025. Emergency SOS Via Satellite Availability Apple says the Emergency SOS via Satellite feature is now available in the following regions: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, the UK and the US. It is only compatible with iPhone 14 and later models. In addition to the expansion of the satellite-based communication feature, the iOS 17.6 update also brings bug fixes for known issues. As per Apple's release notes, it resolves problems related to the AVFoundation Capture subsystem and MarketplaceKit – options which are only accessible by developers.  iOS 17.6 Update is Now Available for Download on iPhone While Gadgets 360 staff members were able to verify the update's arrival on iPhone, the Emergency SOS via Satellite feature is not available in India. iPhone 16 Dummy Units Leak Showing New Design, These Five Colour Option


Apple Intelligence Availability to Be Delayed Beyond iOS 18 Launch


iPhone 15, iPhone 14, Other Models Get Price Cuts Up to Rs. 5,900 in India Alongside iOS 17.6, Apple rolled out iPadOS 17.6, tvOS 17.6, watchOS 10.6, and visionOS 1.3 updates for its devices. It also introduced the iOS 18.1 Developer Beta 1 update parallelly, bringing features powered by Apple Intelligence – its suite of artificial intelligence (AI) services – to the iPhone. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple Intelligence AI Summarise Feature Rolls Out to Safari With iOS 18.1 Developer Beta" ,  Apple Intelligence features are finally arriving to supported iPhone, iPad, and Mac devices with the latest developer beta update released by the company. Starting Monday, users on iOS 18.1, iPadOS 18.1 and macOS 15.1 developer beta were able to access features such as contextual awareness in Siri, automatic movie creation in the Photos app, Writing tools, and more. The Safari browser has also received the AI-powered Summarise feature that offers short summaries of web pages and articles. Safari Browser Gets AI Summarise Feature The new Apple Intelligence features were mentioned in the company's release notes. The AI-powered Summarise feature was also released in an early preview version, and was first spotted by 9to5Mac. As per the publication, the feature can be accessed in Safari's Reader mode. When inside the Reader mode on Safari, users can now reportedly see a Summarise button on the top of the page, accompanied by the new Apple Intelligence logo. Upon tapping the button, it is said that an animation scanning the contents of the page appears on the screen. The animation is reportedly seen with a purple Apple Intelligence glow. Apple Intelligence Rolls Out to Testers With Latest iOS 18 Beta Update The scanning reportedly lasts only a couple of seconds before the summary is generated. The publication found the feature in the iPhone 15 Pro, the M4-powered iPad Pro, and the MacBook Air with the M1 chipset. The summary is said to be seen at the top of the page on the iPhone, whereas it is displayed in a sidebar on the iPad and Mac. Gadgets 360 was not able to verify the feature. Apple Intelligence Features Apart from Summarise, several other Apple Intelligence features were also previewed in the iOS 18.1 developer beta update. According to a report, Siri now has contextual awareness and can answer queries and perform tasks even when prompted in vague language. Its UI also gets a redesign. Apple Intelligence Availability to Be Delayed Beyond iOS 18 Launch


Apple Intelligence May Help Create AI Artwork for Apple Music Playlists The Photos app has reportedly received a new AI feature, and it can now create movies using the Memory Movie option. The feature works with text prompts, so users can customise the movie any way they prefer. Writing Tools have also reportedly made their debut and now users can utilise this feature across several first-party apps to proofread text with spelling and grammar checks. They can also rewrite text in different tonalities. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Huawei Nova Flip Key Specifications Surface Online Ahead of August 5 Launch Date" ,  Huawei Nova Flip is scheduled to be unveiled by the company on August 5. Just a week ahead of its arrival, a Chinese tipster has leaked details related to the key specifications of the clamshell foldable phone. The Huawei Nova Flip is said to sport a 6.94-inch inner screen and a 32-megapixel selfie camera. It is said to be powered by a Kirin 9 series chipset. The Huawei Nova Flip is expected to flaunt a 50-megapixel main rear camera. It could be backed by a 4,400mAh battery, according to the tipster. Huawei Nova Flip Specifications (Tipped) Digital Chat Station (translated from Chinese) shared the specifications of the Huawei Nova Flip on Weibo ahead of its debut on August 6. As per the post, the foldable phone has a 6.94-inch (1,136x2,690 pixels) OLED inner screen with a 120Hz refresh rate and a 2.14-inch OLED cover display with a 60Hz refresh rate. It is said to be powered by the Kirin 9 series G-platform paired with 12GB of RAM. The upcoming Huawei Nova Flip is tipped to be offered in 256GB, 512GB and 1TB storage variants. It could feature a dual outward-facing camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel 1/1.56-inch RYYB main camera and an 8-megapixel ultra-wide sensor that will double as a macro camera. It is said to feature a 32-megapixel camera in the front for selfies. Huawei Nova Flip Launch Set for Next Week; Design Teased Huawei is tipped to pack a 4,400mAh battery on the Nova Flip with 66W wired charging support. The leather variant of the phone is said to measure 6.88mm in thickness when unfolded (15.08mm folded), while the model with a glass-based rear panel could be 6.9mm thin when unfolded (15.12mm folded). The former is said to weigh 195g, whereas the latter is tipped to weigh 199g. The company already announced that the Nova Flip will be introduced in China on August 6. It is teased to be available in at least four colourways. It is confirmed to ship with HarmonyOS software and will arrive as the first flip phone in the Nova series. Huawei Mate 70 Series Specifications Tipped; Said to Offer Improved Camera The August 5 launch event will also showcase other products including the Huawei MateBook GT 14 and MatePad Pro 12.2.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Microsoft Removes Ads From Skype on All Platforms, Adds New Features With Latest Update" ,  Microsoft on Monday rolled out a new update for Skype – its video conferencing and VoIP-based calling platform – that improves the overall usability of the platform. The Redmond company says Skype is now ad-free across all platforms, which should provide users with a more decluttered experience. Microsoft has also introduces a few new features, including revamped image creation using artificial intelligence (AI) and better navigation across the app. Skype Update Removes Ads Across All Platforms Microsoft revealed the slew of changes and design tweaks it is rolling out on Skype with version 8.125.76.201, in a blog post published on Monday. Ads have now been removed from all Skype channels across platforms. With this change, the app is said to offer a more user-friendly experience, enabling users to focus on their conversations without any ad distractions. Furthermore, it also promises more streamlined access to the AI image creator. The Redmond-based technology firm says that users can now create AI images from within the chat window or the top navigation bar. Alternatively, it can also be found next to the forward option in the message context menu. Clicking on images created using AI will now open up an expanded view, making it easier for users to view their creations before sending them to other users.  Revamped AI Image Creation Tool in SkypePhoto Credit: Skype In addition to creativity tools, Microsoft is also making it easier to log in to Skype on iOS devices, courtesy of OneAuth integration. It replaces the previous sign-in system, enabling users to sign in to Skype automatically without requiring passwords, if they are already logged in on other Microsoft platforms such as Teams. Notably, this authentication method was already available on Skype for Android. Apart from new features, the Skype update also brings bug fixes. Microsoft says it resolves an issue which prevented users from sending media when connected to a 5G network. As per the update log, several iOS users faced a problem where they could hear the ringtone but were unable to pick up calls. This issue is also said to have been fixed. Xbox Grows 61 Percent on the Back on Activision-Blizzard Acquisition


Users Can Now Browse Their Android Smartphones Wirelessly on Windows 11


Microsoft Announces Bing Generative Search as Google AI Overviews Rival The update is being rolled out gradually and will be available to users over the coming days, as per the company. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "HMD 225 4G Tipped to Launch Soon; Design, Colour Options, Key Specifications Leak Online" ,  HMD 225 4G may arrive in the markets soon. The launch of the feature phone has not yet been confirmed by the company but information about the model has surfaced online. The design, colour options and key features of the purported handset have been leaked. The leak includes the display, battery, chipset and other specifications of the anticipated phone. All the details of the rumoured phone suggest that it could be a rebranded Nokia 225 4G, which was refreshed earlier this year. HMD 225 4G Design, Colour Options (Expected) The HMD 225 4G details have been leaked in an X (formerly Twitter) post by user @smashx_60. The bar handset appears to have a rectangular screen with sizable bezels and a single rear camera, alongside an LED flash. The keypad section comes with dedicated navigation as well as call answer and reject buttons.  Leaked renders of the HMD 225 4G (tap to expand)Photo Credit: X/ @smashx_60  The leaked design of the HMD 225 4G is similar to that of the Nokia 225 4G. The rear panel shows the HMD logo inscribed in the centre, instead of the one seen on the Nokia model. The phone is shown in three colour options — blue, green and pink. Nokia 215 4G, Nokia 225 4G and Nokia 235 4G Feature Phones Debut: Details HMD 225 4G Specifications (Expected) The HMD 225 4G is expected to sport a 2.4-inch IPS LCD screen with 400nits of peak brightness, according to the leak. The handset could be powered by a Unisoc T107 chipset. It will also likely be equipped with a 2-megapixel rear camera unit with support for HD video capture. HMD Crest, Crest Max 5G With 50-Megapixel Selfie Shooter Debut in India


HMD's Barbie-Themed Flip Phone Gets a Launch Date The leak adds that the HMD 225 4G could be backed by a 1,450mAh battery as well as a USB Type-C charging port. The handset is expected to support dual 4G LTE, FM radio and Bluetooth 5.2 connectivity. It may also come with a 3.5mm audio jack and an IP52 rating for dust and splash resistance. 




title = "Meta Quest 3 Gets New Layout App With the Ability to Measure Real-World Objects" ,  Meta Quest 3 is getting a new app that will allow users to measure real-world objects. The utility app is called Layout, and it was released by the company on Monday as a part of the Meta Quest v68 update for the mixed-reality headset. The new app allows users to measure real objects and place virtual objects with a given size specification. It is aimed at helping people visualise the right size of furniture and other objects for their home before making a purchase. Meta Quest 3 Gets Layout App The utility app was announced in a blog post by Meta on Monday. The company said, “We're introducing a new Layout utility app for redesigning your real-world spaces, making it easier to manage your in-progress downloads, and more.” Once the update is installed, the app will become available in the Meta Quest App Library. Users will need a free storage space of 139.28MB to download the Layout app. The app supports English (UK and US) and Spanish languages currently. It supports touch controls and can function offline, according to the company. Watch Meta's SAM 2 Model Identify Objects in Videos Using AI Layout, in essence, is a measuring and visualisation tool that can help users confirm the size of furniture or appliances before making a purchase. Users can measure existing furniture before going to the store or when they are shopping online. They can also place virtual furniture in a real-world setting and then measure the dimensions of the object to identify the right size. Additionally, it also has a levelling tool that can help users confirm if a photo frame or a smart TV fixed to a wall is horizontally parallel or is sloped at an angle. The app can measure objects across length, breadth, and height, allowing users to get a three-dimensional reference point. Instagram Now Lets You Create AI Characters Using Meta AI Studio


Meta AI on WhatsApp Will Introduce Imagine Edits and Llama 3.1 405B Model Apart from the Layout app, the Meta Quest v68 update also added the Meta AI Vision and chatbot capabilities announced last week. Meta Quest 3 users will be able to use it as the official assistant for the device. Meta AI will be able to answer general queries as well as observe real-world surroundings using the mixed-reality headset's passthrough feature and answer questions around that. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "ChatGPT Advanced Voice Mode Rolls Out to Some ChatGPT Plus Users" ,  ChatGPT with the advanced Voice Mode is now rolling out to some paid users, the company announced on Tuesday. OpenAI first announced the feature in its Spring event in May. Powered by the latest GPT-4o artificial intelligence (AI) model, OpenAI's advanced Voice Mode offers features such as real-time responses, natural voice, and the capability to sense the user's emotions. The company said that all ChatGPT Plus users will get the feature by fall this year. However, there is no word on when the video and screen sharing features, which were also demoed at the event, will be released. OpenAI Rolls Out Advanced Voice Mode for ChatGPT OpenAI announced the rolling out of the advanced voice capabilities of ChatGPT in a post on X (formerly known as Twitter). The company highlighted that new Voice Mode will allow users to interrupt the AI chatbot at any time and offer more natural interaction with voice modulations. A short video was also shared which highlighted how to turn on the feature once it becomes active. We're starting to roll out advanced Voice Mode to a small group of ChatGPT Plus users. Advanced Voice Mode offers more natural, real-time conversations, allows you to interrupt anytime, and senses and responds to your emotions. pic.twitter.com/64O94EhhXK— OpenAI (@OpenAI) July 30, 2024 As per the video, the select group of ChatGPT Plus users will see an invite notification at the bottom of the screen prompting them to try the advanced Voice Mode after opening the app. Tapping on it will take the users to a new page with the title “You're invited to try the advanced Voice Mode” and a button to activate the feature. The feature is currently available to a small group of Plus users, but the company did not specify any eligibility criteria. Dubbed as alpha roll out, the feature is powered by OpenAI's latest flagship large language model (LLM), GPT-4o. OpenAI's AI-Powered Search Engine Is Here to Rival Google, Perplexity Explaining the reason behind the delay, the AI firm said, “Since we first demoed advanced Voice Mode, we've been working to reinforce the safety and quality of voice conversations as we prepare to bring this frontier technology to millions of people.” OpenAI also highlighted that GPT-4o's voice capabilities has been tested with more than 100 external red teamers across 45 languages. Red teamers are cybersecurity professionals tasked with testing a product or organisation's security by simulating cyberattacks and jailbreak attempts. The goal of the process is to expose the vulnerabilities in the system before it goes live. OpenAI Adds New Security Measure to Prevent Jailbreaking in GPT-4o Mini


OpenAI Launches GPT-4o Mini As Company’s Cheapest Small AI Model At the moment, you can only access four preset voices after the feature is rolled out to your account. Sky, the controversial voice which allegedly bore close similarities with actor Scarlett Johannson, is yet to be added back to ChatGPT. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "OnePlus Buds Update Could Add Ability to Toggle AI-Powered Call Summarisation Feature: Report" ,  OnePlus Buds — the company's truly wireless stereo (TWS) earphone lineup — could soon be updated with new functionality, courtesy of the company's adoption of artificial intelligence (AI), according to a report. Users will reportedly be able to toggle AI-powered call summarisation via their TWS earbuds. It was reportedly spotted during an APK teardown of the device's companion app. This feature is speculated to make accessing the feature quicker while engaged on phone calls. AI Call Summarisation on OnePlus Buds Android Authority and X (formerly Twitter user @AssembleDebug discovered the feature following an APK teardown of the OnePlus Buds app version 14.8.2 for Android smartphones. The publication appears to have enabled the user interface for the purported feature that is said to allow users to start or end call summarisation via the earbuds.  AI Call Summarisation Via OnePlus BudsPhoto Credit: Android Authority/ AssembleDebug A screenshot shared by the publication suggests the feature may be dubbed ‘AI Call Assistant'. Users may be able to toggle it via pressing the stem of the OnePlus Buds thrice. However, only OnePlus handsets which support AI summary function will be able to control it using the TWS earbuds, as per the report. The AI call summarisation is said to be unavailable if the smartphone is in super power saving mode, meditation mode or children's space, according to the report. Users will be able to enable call summarisation to view key information about the conversation, including time and place, even when their phone isn't nearby. OnePlus has jumped on the AI bandwagon, rolling out several notable features for its smartphones over the past few months. With its latest OnePlus Nord 4, the company brought camera-centric additions like AI Eraser 2.0, AI Smart Cutout 2.0 and AI Clear Face, alongside other AI Toolbox features including AI Speak, Recording Summary and AI Link boost. Google Pixel Watch 3 Promo Images Surface Online; Suggests New Features


Realme Buds T310 With 46dB Hybrid Noise Cancellation Debut in India


Rollme Launches R3 Smart Ring With PPG Sensor and 10-Day Battery Life As per the report, the AI call summarisation feature may be rolled out for the OnePlus Buds 3 – the latest TWS earbuds from the company which debuted in February. It remains unclear if the feature would be introduced for older models too. Since the feature was spotted during an APK teardown, it may or may not make it to the public version of the app. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "iPhone 16 Dummy Units Leak Showing Five Colour Options, Redesigned Camera Bump" ,  iPhone 16 lineup is expected to go official in September with four variants — iPhone 16, iPhone 16 Plus, iPhone 16 Pro, and iPhone 16 Pro Max. Ahead of the anticipated launch of these smartphones, dummy units of the standard iPhone 16 model have been leaked by a user on X (formerly known as Twitter). The image gives us a look at the five colour options of the iPhone 16, which is shown to feature a redesigned camera island with vertically aligned lenses. iPhone 16 Colourways, Design Leaked The look of the iPhone 16, and more specifically the selection of colour options, have appeared in an image posted by JSonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) on X. The render shows off the dummy units in black, blue, green, pink and white colour options, all of which are quite saturated than the pastel colours on last year's iPhone 15. pic.twitter.com/0vlSFnwzR4— Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) July 31, 2024 Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo suggested similar colour options for the standard iPhone 16. Last year's iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Plus were offered in Black, Blue, Green, Pink, and Yellow colours. They have a matte finish. The image indicates that Apple would pack a redesigned camera bump on the iPhone 16 with vertically aligned lenses. The existing models have diagonal camera arrangement. This new lens arrangement is said to enable the handset to capture Spatial Video for the Vision Pro headset. At present, the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max can record Spatial Video. iPhone 17 Slim to Reportedly Come With Single Rear Camera The rear of the phone appears to have a matte finish (like the iPhone 15) and the power button appears to be arranged on the right spine of the phone. The rumoured Capture button is seen arranged below the power button. iPhone SE 4 Price, Launch Timeline Tipped; May Get A18 SoC, OLED Screen The iPhone 16 is expected to boast a 6.1-inch OLED display. The iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Plus models are tipped to be powered by an A18 Bionic chip based on TSMC's 3nm process. The iPhone 16 Pro and Pro Max are tipped to run on an A18 Pro chip. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Coinbase Adds Three New Board Members Including OpenAI's Chris Lehane" ,  Coinbase, the US-based cryptocurrency exchange, has added three new members to its board of directors, including an executive from ChatGPT-maker OpenAI, as the company steps up its efforts to sway US crypto policy, Coinbase told Reuters on Thursday. The new members are Chris Lehane, a member of the executive team at OpenAI; Paul Clement, former US Solicitor General under President George W. Bush; and Christa Davies, chief financial officer for Aon and a board member for Stripe and Workday. The additions will expand the board from seven to 10. Coinbase's move to expand its board comes as the company and cryptocurrency industry more broadly aims to make the industry a major political force in this year's presidential election. The industry's fortunes could shift if Republican nominee and former president Donald Trump wins back the White House in November. Clement will advise Coinbase's efforts to "to push back against the SEC's (US Securities and Exchange Commission's) overreach and fight for clear rules of the road for digital assets." Lehane, former policy chief for Airbnb who was also a member of the Clinton White House, will provide strategic counsel, Coinbase said. Davies will focus on Coinbase's "financial and operational excellence on a global scale." Coinbase said the three members all hold different political philosophies. "For crypto to succeed, it needs to be bipartisan," Lehane told Reuters in an interview on Thursday. Coinbase-backed Stand With Crypto, an advocacy organisation for voters who own crypto, has amassed 1.3 million members. Meanwhile, three major pro-crypto super political action committees - Fairshake, Defend American Jobs, and Protect Progress, all of which did not exist until this cycle - have raised over $230 million (roughly Rs. 1,925 crore) to support friendly candidates. © Thomson Reuters 2024 .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)




title = "Dubai-Based ByBit Adds Support for eRupee CBDC Following Feedback from Indian Merchants" ,  Dubai-based ByBit crypto exchange has announced the integration of the eRupee CBDC with its peer-to-peer (P2P) transaction service. In an official statement, the exchange said it has received multiple requests from Indian merchants urging support for eRupee transactions. Since the eRupee is India's RBI-issued digital currency, the merchants dealing in INR believe that processing digital transaction in this token can keep them safeguarded against hackers and other financial risks. This eRupee feature for ByBit's P2P transactions will let merchants accept payments in the form of the eRupee, reducing the risk of their bank accounts being targeted by cybercriminals. "We are excited to unveil Digital Rupee (eRupee) as a payment option for our INR users, fostering trust and reliability in every transaction. This initiative is expected to attract a wider pool of merchants to the platform,” the exchange said in its announcement. Self Custody of Crypto Assets Possible in India, Crypto Exchange Says Established in 2018, ByBit claims to be the world's second-largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume, serving over 37 million users. What Exactly is P2P Payment? In the P2P payments adopted by Indian exchanges, the seller deposits payment in the form of a cryptocurrency into the wallet of the exchange, which in this case would be ByBit. The seller sets a sale price for the assets – and if a buyer is okay with the set price, the deal can be locked on the exchange. The buyer then sends the payment to the seller's bank account directly – completing this P2P transaction. The seller also confirms with the exchange that the set amount has been received after which the exchange releases the crypto to the buyer. As per Arjun Vijay, the co-founder of Indian crypto exchange Giottus, in 2018 when the RBI circular was issued restricting crypto exchanges from having banking relationships, Indian exchanges launched this P2P system. Liminal Denies Being Responsible for WazirX Wallet Hack: Details Vijay noted that to facilitate a traditional crypto transaction between buyer and seller – the buyer deposits INR into the bank account of the exchange and the seller puts the batch of tokens into the exchange's wallet. For trade, the balance of crypto and INR is swapped through the exchange – but for this, the exchange needs to own a bank account in India as well. “After 2020, all exchanges reverted to normal mode. WazirX continued to operate both on P2P and normal. And seeing this loophole all major international exchanges with Indian customers launched P2P transaction system,” Vijay noted. What Makes this Development Interesting? India has mandated all crypto-related firms to register with the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU). ByBit's status in this regard, interestingly remains unclear. Back in March, Apple had removed the ByBit app from its App Store in India. On Google's Play Store, however, the ByBit app is available for download. The web platform for ByBit is also, meanwhile, loading for some in India and not showing up for others. Gadgets360 has reached out to ByBit for clarification on its legal status for carrying its operations in India. Their response, for now, remains awaited. Where does the eRupee CBDC Stand for Now India's CBDC is presently undergoing advanced trials, with multiple banks, retail merchants, and wholesale traders. The RBI is looking at the eRupee as a tool to improve India's cross border transactions and take the INR to an international level. In June, the eRupee recorded a drop in activity after banks slowed down promotional activities. In its latest data, the RBI said that 50 lakh users and 4.2 lakh merchants were participating in the CBDC retail pilot as of June 2024. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Microsoft's Xbox Unit Logs 61 Percent Growth, Fuelled by Purchase of Activision-Blizzard" ,  Microsoft Corp.'s Azure cloud-computing service posted a slowdown in quarterly growth, disappointing investors anxious to see a payoff from huge investments in artificial intelligence products. Revenue from Azure, Microsoft's main growth engine in recent years, rose 29 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, compared with a 31 percent jump in the previous period. About 8 percentage points of the increase in the recent period was attributable to AI, up from seven percentage points in the prior quarter. “It was really about the cloud services number — it needed to just be a little higher,” Doug Clinton, a managing partner at Deepwater Asset Management, said on Bloomberg Television. Still, the accelerated contribution from AI confirms business momentum with that emerging technology, wrote Raimo Lenschow, an analyst at Barclays. Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella has been infusing Microsoft's product line with AI technology from partner OpenAI, including digital assistants called Copilots that can summarise documents and generate computer code, emails and other content. The company also is selling Azure cloud subscriptions featuring OpenAI products. Alongside rivals like Amazon.com Inc. and Google, Microsoft has been spending billions to construct new data centers to meet demand for cloud computing and power-hungry AI services. Crypto Scammers are Disguising as BlackRock Officials, Firm Sounds Alert On a call with analysts Tuesday, Chief Financial Officer Amy Hood said that although Azure growth will continue to slow in the current quarter, which ends in September, investments in data centers and servers will let the company capitalise on demand and accelerate Azure growth in the second half of fiscal 2025. Microsoft's shares fell about 4 percent in extended trading, paring earlier losses of as much as 9.1 percent. The stock had closed at $422.92 (roughly Rs. 34,415) in New York, for a gain of 12 percent in 2024. In the fourth quarter, which ended June 30, capital expenditures — closely watched by investors as the company embarks on its historic AI build-out — jumped to $19 billion (roughly Rs. 1,59,091 crore), including server farm leases, from $14 billion (roughly Rs. 1,17,225 crore) in the previous quarter. That number will increase in the new fiscal year, Hood said. Liminal Denies Being Responsible for WazirX Wallet Hack: Details In an interview, investor relations chief Brett Iversen said Microsoft currently lacks sufficient capacity to fulfill customer demand for cloud and AI services. “We're building out for that as quickly as we can,” he said. In recent weeks, skittish investors have signaled impatience with tech companies' efforts to profit from their massive investments in AI. Last week, the shares of Google parent Alphabet Inc. sank after the company surprised Wall Street with sharply higher costs that overshadowed strong sales. Many of Microsoft's corporate customers are only just starting to use new AI assistants, which still struggle to understand the context of some requests and handle commands involving multiple apps. The Copilot service, which doubles the cost of a monthly subscription to about $60 (roughly Rs. 5,023) per user for corporations, is expected to eventually generate a robust flow of recurring revenue. Iversen said customers are increasingly adopting the company's higher-tier Office 365 product, which includes generative AI features. Sales from commercial cloud products including Azure and office applications rose 21 percent to $36.8 billion (roughly Rs. 3,08,168 crore), Microsoft said, about in line with Wall Street estimates. Total revenue in the fourth quarter increased 15 percent to $64.7 billion (roughly Rs. 5,41,807 crore), while adjusted profit was $2.95 (roughly Rs. 250) a share, the company said in a statement Tuesday. Analysts on average estimated sales of $64.5 billion (roughly Rs. 5,40,100 crore) and per-share earnings of $2.94 (roughly Rs. 246) On the call, Nadella said the number of people using Copilot at work doubled quarter-over-quarter. Use of Copilot within GitHub, which allows for AI assistance in software development, accounts for 40 percent of revenue growth within that business, he added. The company's Xbox video-gaming unit posted 61 percent growth in content and services revenue, much of that fueled by the $69 billion (roughly Rs. 5,77,781 crore) purchase of Activision Blizzard, which was completed in October. Hours before reporting its financial results, Microsoft's Azure and Office 365 services suffered partial outages, which also took down services by customers including Starbucks Corp. Just a couple of weeks earlier, some eight million computers running Microsoft's Windows operating system crashed after the cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike Holdings Inc. released a flawed software update. Though the outage was caused by CrowdStrike, “Microsoft may still have to deal with negative perception around perceived vulnerabilities to its operating system,” Tyler Radke, an analyst at Citigroup, wrote ahead of earnings. Nadella touted progress in the company's cybersecurity products during the call with investors. The company says it has more than 1.2 million security customers, and Defender for Cloud, a security product, passed $1 billion (roughly Rs. 8,374 crore) in revenue over the past year. “We continue to prioritise security above all else,” Nadella said. © 2024 Bloomberg LP .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Just Corseca Sonnet TWS, Spectre TWS, Strider SmartTouch Earbuds, Sstrike Bluetooth Speaker Launched in India" ,  Just Corseca has introduced several new audio products in India. These include the Just Corseca Sonnet and Spectre true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones as well as the Just Corseca Strider SmartTouch Earbuds. The TWS earphones are claimed to offer up to 45 hours of total playback time. The newly launched items also comprise the Just Corseca Sstrike Bluetooth portable speaker. Most of these products are currently available for purchase in the country via the company's official website, leading e-commerce platforms, and select offline retail stores. Just Corseca Sonnet, Spectre, Strider, Sstrike Price in India The Just Corseca Sonnet are available in India at a special launch price of Rs. 1,099 and are offered in two colour options — Black/Red, and White/Red. The Just Corseca Spectre, on the other hand, are marked at a special launch price of Rs. 1,399 and come in Black and Silver colourways. Meanwhile, the Just Corseca Strider is priced in the country at Rs. 2,199 and the Just Corseca Sstrike Bluetooth speaker is listed at Rs. 2,999. Just Corseca Soundwave TWS Earphones Review All these items, except the Just Corseca Strider, are currently available for purchase in the country via Flipkart and the company's official website. A company representative confirmed that the SmartTouch earbuds will also be available online soon. Just Corseca Sonnet, Spectre, Strider, Sstrike Features The Just Corseca Sonnet TWS earphones are equipped with a 13mm dynamic driver and a quad mic setup backed by environmental noise cancellation (ENC). The earphones come with an IPX4 rating for splash resistance and support Bluetooth 5.4 connectivity. Each earphone carries a 50mAh battery, while the charging case has a 350mAh cell. Together with the case, these earphones are claimed to offer a total playback time of up to 42 hours on a single charge. With similar driver and mic specifications as the Sonnet TWS, the Just Corseca Spectre support both active noise cancellation (ANC) and ENC. They are said to offer a longer total battery life of up to 45 hours on a single charge. Just Corseca New Range of TWS, Bluetooth Speakers Debut in India: See Price The Just Corseca Strider SamrtTouch earbuds are equipped with a 10mm dynamic driver, a quad mic setup, Bluetooth 5.4 connectivity and ANC as well as ENC and support. The charging case of these earbuds has a 2.01-inch screen with Retina resolution which allows users to manage volume, equaliser settings, noise cancellation, music playback and more. Just Corseca Ray Kanabis Smartwatch Review Lastly, the Just Corseca Sstrike Bluetooth speaker offers 40W bass, Bluetooth 5.3 connectivity and up to five hours of music playback with a 2,400mAh battery. It is also equipped with RGB LED light units which can be synchronised with the music. Two units of this speaker can be connected to create a Wireless 2.0 stereo speaker system which is claimed to offer an immersive sound experience. The speaker measures 288 x 160 x 105mm in size and weighs 1.06kg.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Xiaomi Gains Top Spot as Smartphone Shipments in India Decline in Q2 2024" ,  Smartphone shipments in India declined in the second quarter of 2024 (April-June) despite several brands reporting year-on-year (YoY) growth, according to a report by a market research firm. Xiaomi grabbed the top spot in the smartphone shipments of Q2 2024 courtesy of it pushing its flagship handsets, while Samsung carried over its strong performance from the last quarter, leading in terms of overall value, with its ultra-premium segment registering a staggering 99 percent YoY increase. Smartphone Shipments in India: Q2 2024 According to Counterpoint Research's Monthly India Smartphone Tracker, Xiaomi had a 23 percent YoY growth in its shipments, rising from 15 percent in Q1 2023 to 18.9 percent in Q2 2024. Courtesy of this rise, the Chinese company reclaimed the top spot in the Indian smartphone market in terms of units shipped, with improved marketing and expansive distribution being tipped as some of the contributing factors.  Smartphone Market Volume Share in Q2 2024Photo Credit: Counterpoint Research Meanwhile, Samsung led in value terms, registering a 1.3 percent increase in the Indian market value share. According to the firm, the South Korean technology conglomerate is expected to maintain its leadership following the introduction of its latest flagship foldable smartphones – the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Flip 6. In the same criteria, Vivo attained the second spot with a 16.8 percent value share while Apple ranked third with a 16.3 percent share. The iPhone maker is expected to make a comeback in the next quarter, with the recent price reductions across its entire range of iPhone models being touted as a driving factor. While brands registered growth in terms of value and shipments, the overall shipments declined by 2 percent YoY. As per the tracker, heatwave, a seasonal slump, and slower demand compared to last quarter may be behind this fall. However, the 5G adoption in India is showing consistent growth, with 5G smartphones having a 77 percent share in the total shipments in Q2 2024. Original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) introducing more affordable 5G handsets is tipped to be one of the contributing factors.  Smartphone Market Value Share in Q2 2024Photo Credit: Counterpoint Research In terms of trends, Nothing registered the highest growth in the first half of the year, registering a 567 percent YoY increase courtesy of recently introduced offerings like Nothing Phone 2a and CMF Phone 1. Samsung Could Roll Out Android 15-Based One UI 7.0 Beta in August


HMD's Barbie-Themed Flip Phone Gets a Launch Date


OnePlus Promises Free Screen Upgrade for Select Models in India: Report The chipset market in India is also seeing competition between two global tech giants: MediaTek and Qualcomm. While the former led the overall smartphone shipments with a 54 percent market share, the latter was reported to be the preferred choice in the premium segment, with a 33 percent share. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Nothing Phone 2a Plus With MediaTek Dimensity 7350 Pro SoC, 50-Megapixel Front Camera Launched in India" ,  Nothing Phone 2a Plus has been launched in India on Wednesday. The latest handset by the Carl Pei-led UK brand comes with upgrades over the Nothing Phone 2a. The Nothing Phone 2a Plus runs on the MediaTek Dimensity 7350 Pro 5G SoC and features two 50-megapixel rear cameras and a 50-megapixel front camera. The new handset sports an AMOLED display with a 120Hz adaptive refresh rate and retains Nothing's modified Glyph Interface that was seen on the standard Phone 2a. It houses a 5,000mAh battery and has an IP54-rated build. Nothing Phone 2a Plus price in India Price of Nothing Phone 2a Plus has been set at Rs. 27,999 for the base 8GB + 256GB RAM and storage configuration. The top-end version with 12GB RAM + 256GB storage is priced at Rs. 29,999. It is offered in Black and Grey colour options and will go on sale through Flipkart starting August 7. Nothing Phone 2a Plus specifications The dual-SIM (nano) Nothing Phone 2a Plus runs Android 14-based Nothing OS 2.6 with the company promising three years of Android updates and four years of security patches for the new phone. It sports a 6.7-inch full-HD+ (1,080x2,412 pixels) AMOLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate, 394ppi pixel density, and Corning Gorilla Glass 5 protection. The screen is touted to deliver 1,300 nits of peak brightness and 240Hz touch sampling rate. It is equipped with an octa-core 4nm MediaTek Dimensity 7350 Pro 5G SoC paired with Mali-G610 MC4 GPU and up to 12GB of RAM. For comparison, the Nothing Phone 2a is powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 7200 Pro SoC. CMF Phone 1 With Customisable Rear Panel, Dimensity 7300 Launched in India In the camera department, the Nothing Phone 2a Plus boasts a dual camera setup. There's a primary 50-megapixel Samsung GN9 1/1.57-inch sensor with f/1.88 aperture, 10x digital zoom, and optical image stabilisation (OIS) with electronic image stabilisation (EIS). The secondary 50-megapixel Samsung JN1 1/2.76-inch sensor offers a 114-degree field of view. On the front, the smartphone has a 50-megapixel Samsung JN1 selfie shooter. This is a notable shift from Nothing Phone 2a's 32-megapixel front camera. Users get up to 256GB of inbuilt storage on the Nothing Phone 2a Plus. Connectivity options on the smartphone include 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 6, Wi-Fi 6 Direct, Bluetooth 5.3, NFC, GPS, GLONASS, GALILEO, QZSS, 360-degree antenna, and USB Type-C port. Sensors onboard include an accelerometer, electronic compass, ambient light sensor, gyroscope, and proximity sensor. It sports an in-display fingerprint sensor and has a linear haptic motor. Additionally, the phone includes high-definition microphones and dual stereo speakers. The Nothing Phone 2a Plus comes with an IP54-rated dust and water-resistant build. Like Nothing's Phone 2a, and Phone 1, the new device also has a Glyph Interface. This LED-filled array can light up during calls and notifications. Nothing has packed a 5,000mAh battery with 50W fast charging support and 5W reverse wired charging support on the Nothing Phone 2a Plus. The battery is claimed to deliver up to 40.6 hours of music playback time on a single charge. Further, the fast charging feature is said to fill the battery from zero to 100 percent in 56 minutes. It measures 161.7x76.3x8.5mm and weighs 190 grams.    Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp for Windows Security Flaw Allows Executing Python, PHP Files Without Warning: Report" ,  WhatsApp for Windows reportedly has a vulnerability that can be exploited by bad actors. The security flaw exploits executable files of Python and PHP for which the app does not send a warning, claimed the report. As a result, an unsuspecting user might accidentally save and run the file, allowing the attacker to deploy the payload. WhatsApp reportedly has refused to take any action citing the problem is not at their end, and that it already warns users to not download files from unknown senders. WhatsApp for Windows Reportedly Has a Security Flaw According to a report by Bleeping Computer, the vulnerability was found in the latest version of the WhatsApp for Windows app. It is said to allow users to send Python and PHP attachments in executable format. The files, when being downloaded at the recipient's end, does not result in a warning notification from the instant messaging platform. The security flaw was discovered by cybersecurity firm Zeron's security researcher Saumyajeet Das. As per the report, WhatsApp in most cases does not allow launching potentially harmful files such as .EXE. While the user may see options of Open or Save As, clicking on Open generates an error. The user may still save the file on the device and launch it, but the warning acts as a reminder of the malicious nature of the file. This behaviour is said to be consistent for file formats such as .EXE, .COM, .SCR, .BAT, and Perl. Telegram Vulnerability Lets Hackers Send Malware as Videos: Report However, the researcher reportedly found that three file types — .PYZ (Python ZIP app), .PYZW (PyInstaller program), and .EVTX (Windows event Log file) — did not trigger the error warning and users can open the file and launch them directly from within the app. Further, the publication found the same exception existed for PHP files. Notably, an attack conducted using these file types will not be successful unless the user has Python installed in their system. This reduces vulnerable users to software developers, researchers, and others who code on their system. The publication claims that Das reported the issue via Meta's bug bounty programme on June 3. But on July 15, the company replied that the same issue was previously reported by another researcher. The issue is still not fixed, as per the report, and it was said to be present in the latest WhatsApp for Windows 11 version v2.2428.10.0. How Hackers Are Using a Bot to Target Indians in WhatsApp e-Challan Scam


Airtel Hits Back at Alleged Threat Actor, Refutes Claims of Data Breach A WhatsApp spokesperson told the publication, “We've read what the researcher has proposed and appreciate their submission. Malware can take many different forms, including through downloadable files meant to trick a user. It's why we warn users to never click on or open a file from somebody they don't know, regardless of how they received it — whether over WhatsApp or any other app.” .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Pixel Watch 3 Leaked Promo Images Hint at New Features, Specifications of Two Upcoming Variants" ,  Google's upcoming Pixel product launch, set for August 13, surely has everyone excited as it is expected to reveal several new products. While the highlights will remain the new Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro, and the new Pixel 9 Pro XL, Google has also teased a new Pixel 9 Pro Fold model. Apart from the new foldable device, Google is also expected to reveal the Pixel Watch 3, which according to previous reports will be available in two case sizes – 41mm and 45mm. There's now a new massive leak that includes what appears to be official promo images of the Pixel Watch 3 series. A report by Android Headlines includes leaked promo images that suggest a lot of details about the watches. Beginning with box contents, little is said to be changed versus the Pixel Watch 2. Both 41mm and 45mm variants are said to come with a set of straps attached, along with an extra Active band in the box. The magnetic (inductive) USB-C fast charging cable with a Type-C port at one end and a circular charger at the other is also said to be included. Coming to smartwatches, the promo images suggest that the Pixel Watch 3 could be launched in two case sizes as seen in the numerous leaks till date. Going by what's present in the promo images, both wearables could have the same core hardware, save for a slightly bigger display and a bigger battery on the 45mm variant. Google's Pixel Watch 3 XL May Look Like This Previous-Gen Smartwatch Both smartwatch variants are said to have an ‘Actua' display offering a peak brightness of 2,000 nits. The ‘Actua' branding tickles down from Google's Pixel 8 series which introduced Google's ‘Super Actua' displays. The ‘Actua' branding according to the images state that the new displays are twice as bright and are also more responsive than the ones on previous models.  One of the many leaked promo images shows the difference in size between the 41mm and 45mm Pixel Watch 3 variantsPhoto Credit: Android Headlines  The regular 41mm variant with its standard battery capacity is said to offer 20 percent faster charging. Both variants of the smartwatch could offer 24 hours of battery life (with always-on display) and up to 36 hours of battery life in Battery Saver mode. These statistics are similar to what's currently claimed by Google with its Pixel Watch 2. A previous report indicated that the Pixel Watch 3 45mm is likely to get a 420mAh battery while the 41mm variant is said to get a 310mAh battery. As per the leaked images, the new display (especially on the 45mm model) will offer 40 percent more screen than the Pixel Watch 2 (41mm). The new display on the 41mm variant will offer a display that's 10 percent bigger than the Pixel Watch 2. The promo images also suggeset the various silicone, fabric and leather interchangeable strap options that were also leaked in a previous report. In terms of new features, the images suggest that Pixel Watch 3 users will be able to control the Pixel Camera app on their smartphones, take a look at Nest Cam or Nest Doorbell feeds, access maps offline, and use Wallet for payments. The new watch models are also said to offer the ability to build custom runs and save workouts along with a new Morning brief feature which delivers a summary of your health and fitness metrics. Apart from the Google Pixel 9 smartphones and the Pixel Watch 3 series, reports indicate that Google will also announce a new Google TV streaming box and a Nest Thermostat. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung May Reportedly Roll Out Android 15-Based One UI 7.0 Beta in August: Expected Features, Availability" ,  Samsung is expected to roll out the One UI 7.0 Beta update based on Android 15 in August, according to a report. The update was previously tipped to be introduced on July 29, but that did not happen due to reported delays. It is now speculated to arrive next month, bringing new features and system-wide improvements to Samsung smartphones, including the flagship Galaxy S24 series, in select regions. Samsung One UI 7.0 Beta Features (Expected) According to a report by SamMobile, the release date of the One UI 7.0 Beta update has been pushed back because of a delay at Samsung's end related to the anticipated introduction of the One UI 6.1.1 firmware for its smartphones. The update is now tipped to be rolled out in the third week of August. It is speculated to bring a redesigned quick panel with two pages: control toggles and notifications, which can be browsed through by swiping sideways. As per the report, users may also be able to hide the labels of the toggles. The update is also said to introduce tweaked icons for stock apps such as Camera, Clock, Contacts, Gallery, and Phone, which may appear with a more 3D appearance to match the Material You design language. Samsung Executive Calls India 'One of the Biggest' Global Markets Furthermore, the battery charging status animation is reported to feature a widget-like look. With One UI 7.0 Beta, the notifications are also tipped to appear more rounded. As per the report, the Continuity feature may also be improved, with nearby Samsung devices potentially able to receive voice and video call notifications. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim Might Not Be Thinner Than Its Rivals


Samsung Galaxy A06 Design, Key Specifications Leaked Ahead of Debut Update Availability According to the report, One UI 7.0 Beta update will initially be released for the Samsung Galaxy S24 series, comprising three models. It is said to be first available in South Korea, following which it may be rolled out in Germany, India, the UK, and the US. The update could also be opened up for the Galaxy S23 series too. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Canva Acquires AI Image and Video Generator Leonardo.ai, Will Integrate It Into Magic Studio Tools" ,  Canva acquired Australia-based artificial intelligence (AI) startup Leonardo.ai on Tuesday. The AI startup uses its native foundation model Phoenix to generate images, videos, and create visual assets. The platform also offers features such as AI-powered upscaling, inline editing, and real-time image generation. Canva said that the Phoenix AI model will be integrated into its Magic Studio tools as a part of the acquisition. Notably, this is the company's eighth acquisition, joining Affinity (2024), Flourish (2022), Kaleido (2021), Smartmockups (2021), Pexels (2019), Pixabay (2019) and Zeetings (2018). Canva Acquires Leonardo.ai In a newsroom post, Canva announced the acquisition of Leonardo.ai. Despite acquiring the company, Canva will let the AI startup develop its web platform for its users and business customers, similar to Affinity. However, Canva will integrate the startup's Phoenix AI model into its Magic Studio tools. The model will mainly be used to improve the performance of its image and video generation capabilities. The company will also invest financial resources, expertise, and licenced content from the Canva Creators programme into Leonardo.ai.  Leonardo AI  Leonardo.ai allows users to generate images in various styles, including hyper-realistic, character portraits, anime, painterly styles, and more. It also offers AI-powered image upscaling, real-time image generation, and inline image editing. While the platform has a premium tier with advanced features, free users can also generate a limited number of images and videos. Canva claimed that Leonardo's Phoenix foundation model shows a high level of prompt adherence, accurate text generation in images, and can generate production-ready assets in a single attempt. No other details about the model's architecture or the data it was trained on were shared. Motorola Edge 50 Ultra Will Let You Generate AI Images With Magic Canvas


Canva Revamps Its Platform, Unveils Canva Enterprise for Businesses


Watch Meta's SAM 2 Model Identify Objects in Videos Using AI Notably, Leonardo was founded in 2022. In two years, the company is said to have amassed more than 19 million registered users on its platform. Canva says the acquisition will not only improve its offerings but also grow Leonardo's user base. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Xbox Game Pass Will Add Mafia: Definitive Edition on August 13" ,  Mafia: Definitive Edition is coming Xbox Game Pass. Hangar 13's remake of the 2002 classic will join Microsoft's game subscription service on August 13, the company announced on Wednesday. The game will be available on Game Pass for Console, PC Game Pass and Game Pass Ultimate. The latest Game Pass addition comes after Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 became the first Call of Duty title to join the service on July 24. Mafia: Definitive Edition joins Game Pass The official Xbox Game Pass account made the announcement on X, confirming that Mafia: Definitive Edition would be added to the Game Pass catalogue on August 13. Mafia: Definitive Edition is a complete remake of the first Mafia game, built from the ground up with new assets, expanded story, new vehicles, score and more. a re-made classic is on its way@mafiagame Definitive Edition is coming August 13! pic.twitter.com/SubPnun6Kp— Xbox Game Pass (@XboxGamePass) July 30, 2024 Published by 2K, the game was released on PC, PS4 and Xbox One in 2020, and was also available as part of a Mafia trilogy pack. Set in the fictional city of Lost Heaven, the open-world action-adventure game charts the rise of protagonist Tommy Angelo as a mobster, starting from his humble beginnings as a taxi driver. Developer Hangar 13 is also working on the next instalment in the Mafia franchise. Hangar 13 general manager Roman Hladík confirmed in 2022 that the studio had started work on an all-new Mafia project. “While it's a few years away and we can't share anything more right now, we're really excited to keep working on this beloved franchise and to entertain our players with new stories,” Hladik had said at the time. Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy Is Reportedly Coming to Game Pass Next Month Since then, 2K has been rumoured to be gearing up for an announcement on the Mafia series, but the publisher has not yet shared any updates on a new title. The last mainline game in the series was 2016's Mafia 3. Other Game Pass additions Last week, Game Pass was tipped to add Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy on August 8. Microsoft has not yet confirmed the title for the game subscription service. Notably, the Xbox parent confirmed Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 for Game Pass earlier this month. The first-person shooter became the first COD title on Game Pass when it joined the service on July 24. A New Mafia Game Is in the Works at Hangar 13, Original Title Going Free Xbox Game Pass is also set to add the upcoming Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 on day and date of launch on October 25. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Tecno Camon 30S Pro With MediaTek Helio G100 SoC, Wireless Charging Listed Online" ,  Tecno Camon 30S Pro has been listed online as the latest variant in the Tecno Camon 30 series. The handset is equipped with a MediaTek Helio G100 chipset, a 50-megapixel dual rear camera unit, and a 5,000mAh battery with support for both wired and wireless charging. This is the first handset in the Tecno Camon 30 lineup to come with wireless charging support. The lineup includes the Tecno Camon 30 4G, Camon 30 5G, Camon 30 Pro 5G, and the Camon 30 Premier 5G. Tecno Camon 30S Pro Colour Options, Design The company has quietly listed the Tecno Camon 30S Pro on the official global website. The design and key features of the handset, as well as the colour options, have been revealed. It is listed in three colourways — Interstellar Grey, Pearl Gold, and Shim Silver Green. The Tecno Camon 30S Pro comes with a design language similar to that of the other Tecno Camon 30 series models. The dual rear camera unit is placed within a round module in the top left corner of the panel. The smart breathing light sensor is placed outside the camera island. The front panel holds a centred hole-punch slot at the top for the selfie camera unit. The power button and the volume rocker are seen on the right edge of the handset. Tecno Camon 30 5G Series Will Now Answer Your Queries With Ella-GPT Tecno Camon 30S Pro Specifications, Features The Tecno Camon 30S Pro sports a 6.78-inch full-HD+ (2,436 x 1,080 pixels) curved AMOLED screen with a 120Hz refresh rate, 2,160Hz PWM dimming rate, up to 1,300 nits of peak brightness level, and TÜV Rheinland low blue light certification. It is powered by an octa-core MediaTek Helio G100 chipset paired with up to 16GB of RAM including 8GB of virtual RAM and 256GB of onboard storage. The Tecno Camon 30S Pro ships with Android 14-based HIOS skin on top. For optics, the Tecno Camon 30S Pro carries a dual rear camera unit and a dual LED flash unit. The phone is equipped with a 50-megapixel 1/1.56-inch Sony IMX896 primary sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) support and a 2-megapixel depth sensor. The front camera is equipped with a 50-megapixel sensor. Tecno Camon 30 Series With 50-Megapixel Cameras Debuts in India: See Price


Tecno Camon 30 Series to Get Up to Android 16, 3 Years of Security Patches The Tecno Camon 30S Pro is listed to house a 5,000mAh battery with support for 45W wired and 20W wireless charging. The phone also has Dolby Atmos-backed dual speakers and an IP53-rated build for dust and splash resistance. The handset measures 164.64 x 74.64 x 7.75mm in size. The company has not yet revealed any availability or price details of the phone. 




title = "Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Tipped to Pack More RAM Than Galaxy S24 Ultra" ,  Samsung Galaxy S25 series with three entries — Galaxy S25, Galaxy S25+, and Galaxy S25 Ultra —is expected to go official in or around January next year. All the leaks so far point to the flagship phones packing very few upgrades over their predecessors. Most recently, a prominent tipster claimed that the Galaxy S5 Ultra will pack more RAM than the previous model. This year, Samsung stuck with the 12GB RAM configuration for the Galaxy S24 Ultra. Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Specifications (Rumoured) Tipster Ice Universe on X posted “16GB yes!” suggesting that the Galaxy S25 Ultra could pack 16GB of RAM. The tipster did not disclose the phone name in the post, but the comments make it obvious that they are talking about the Galaxy S25 Ultra. If true, this would be an extra 4GB of RAM on the Galaxy S25 Ultra compared to the Galaxy S24 Ultra. The additional RAM could enhance the gaming and multitasking experience, and enable new AI-based features. All the storage variants of the Galaxy S24 Ultra — 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB — have 12GB RAM, based on this, we can expect the upcoming top tier flagship to get 16GB of RAM. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim Launch Window Tipped As per past leaks, the Galaxy S25 Ultra will be designed asymmetrically on the front and back offering a narrower “visual bezel” compared to its predecessor, the Galaxy S24 Ultra. It is expected to come with a slimmer middle frame. The handset is rumoured to have a quad rear camera setup, retaining the 200-megapixel main camera and 50-megapixel sensor with 5x optical zoom from its predecessor. The ultra-wide-angle and telephoto sensors might get an upgrade. Samsung is expected to pack the same 5,000mAh battery capacity on the Galaxy S25 Ultra as its predecessor.  Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 7 Might Get a Thin Profile as Galaxy S24  




title = "Bitcoin Value Drops as the US Moves Silk Road-Related Tokens, Altcoins Reflect Mixed Prices" ,  Bitcoin, that was trading at $69,535 (roughly Rs. 58 lakh) at the start of this week, has dropped notably. The asset incurred a loss of over two percent in the last 24 hours on international exchanges like CoinMarketCap. With this, the price of BTC has fallen to $65,625.38 (roughly RS. 54.9 lakh) on global exchanges. Meanwhile, on Indian exchanges, BTC value tumbled by around one percent bringing its price within the range of $66,090 (roughly Rs. 55.3 lakh) and $70,230 (roughly Rs 58.8 lakh). “BTC is under pressure after the US government moved Bitcoin tokens linked to Silk Road. A decisive move above the $66,500 (roughly Rs. 55.6 lakh) resistance could drive the price higher in the coming sessions. However, if Bitcoin fails to break past this resistance, it may decline further,” Mudrex CEO Edul Patel told Gadgets360. The US government has reportedly moved BTC tokens worth $2 billion (roughly Rs. 16,746 crore) linked to the now defunct dark web marketplace Silk Road. Ether saw a price dip of 1.28 percent in the last 24 hours. On international exchanges, ETH is trading at the price point of $3,272 (roughly Rs. 2.73 lakh) whereas in India, the price of ETH stands at $3,482 (roughly Rs 2.91 lakh). Crypto Scammers are Disguising as BlackRock Officials, Firm Sounds Alert With Grayscale's ETF having a net $120 million (roughly Rs. 1,004 crore) outflows in the day, ETH also traded lower below the $3,300 (roughly Rs. 2.76 lakh) mark. Ethereum however has a major support around the $2,800 (roughly Rs. 2.34 lakh) mark even if the downtrend continues,” CoinSwitch markets desk told Gadgets360. Tether, USD Coin, Dogecoin, Cardano, Shiba Inu, and Polkadot -- joined BTC and ETH in reflecting losses. Meanwhile, Binance Coin, Solana, Ripple, Chainlink, Near Protocol, Litecoin, and Leo made some profits. WazirX Hatches Controversial Plan for Dealing with Hack Aftermath The overall crypto market cap dipped by nearly one percent in the last 24 hours to claim the capitalisation of $2.37 trillion (roughly Rs. 1,94,27,517 crore1,94,27,517 crore), showed CoinMarketCap “As we navigate these turbulent times, it's crucial for investors to stay informed and approach the market with a balanced perspective,” Avinash Shekhar, Co-Founder of Pi42 told Gadgets360. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Cryptocurrency is an unregulated digital currency, not a legal tender and subject to market risks. The information provided in the article is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by NDTV. NDTV shall not be responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained in the article. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Google’s Project Green Light Leverages AI to Tackle Traffic Congestion and Reduce Emissions" ,  Google Research is running a project that aims to mitigate the time one spends at the traffic light, especially at city intersections. The initiative, dubbed ‘Project Green Light', is said to harness traffic engineering, coupled with artificial intelligence (AI), to improve the flow of traffic, tackle congestion and reduce fuel consumption – efforts aimed at expediting climate mitigation. Backed by information provided by Google Maps, the project is currently running in several cities globally. What is Google's Project Green Light? In a blog post, Google revealed that Project Green Light has been developed by its team at Google Research as a sustainability initiative. It is built to tackle road transportation, which is said to be a major contributor to global greenhouse emissions, especially in stop-and-go traffic. The project is backed by a dedicated AI model created by the company's researchers based on the driving trends provided by Google Maps. The team working on the project claimed that while avoiding stop-and-go traffic isn't completely viable, cities have the option of reducing it in two ways: installing expensive hardware or enabling manual vehicle counts. However, none of them are capable of providing complete information on certain parameters, as per Google. This is where Project Green Light comes in. It is claimed to help city traffic engineers improve traffic flow by modelling traffic patterns and then providing recommendations via a comprehensive dashboard. It is said to identify possible improvements, like shaving several seconds off a stop light during hours when traffic is minimal or coordinating between unsynced intersections. While several ideas were explored, this initiative was chosen due to its “simplicity, scalability and potential for impact.” Google claims this project can reduce stop-and-go traffic by up to 30 percent, while also reducing emissions at intersections by up to 10 percent. How It Works Project Green Light works by inferring traffic light parameters including cycle length, transition time, green split, and sensor operation, according to Google. A model is then created to understand the traffic patterns, such as average wait times, stop-and-go times and how the light changes throughout the day. After analysing these parameters, the AI model then identifies possible improvements and adjustments that can be made. The actionable recommendations are passed on to the city officials after which traffic engineers can review them. Google Research says its suggestions can be implemented using existing infrastructure in as little as 5 minutes.  Actionable Insights Provided Via Project Green Light DashboardPhoto Credit: Google Research The team then monitors the time drivers have saved at stop lights. It calculates the impact on climate courtesy of these changes using industry standards models and shares the report with the partnering city. Apple Trained Two AI Models Using Google's Chips, Research Paper Shows


Gemini Might Soon Let You Edit Your AI-Generated Images on Android


Google Maps Now Tells You Which Flyover to Take, Where to Charge Your EV Google says Project Green Light is available in over 12 cities around the world, including Bengaluru, Boston, Rio de Janeiro, and Seattle. It is claimed to be reducing fuel consumption and emissions for up to 30 million car rides per month. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "HMD's Barbie Flip Phone Confirmed to Launch on August 28" ,  HMD is all set to launch a Barbie-branded phone in August. The Finnish brand, via X, has confirmed the arrival of the new handset. The HMD Barbie is a flip phone that will flaunt the iconic pink colour scheme from the Barbie dolls. It is expected to run on S30+ or KaiOS. HMD announced plans to launch a Barbie-themed phone in partnership with toy maker Mattel at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) in February this year. The handset was earlier expected to go official in July. HMD Barbie phone coming in August HMD Barbie flip phone will be launched on August 28. The brand has shared a poster on the X, revealing the smartphone's pink colour matching with the Barbie branding. The pricing and features were announced for the Barbie phone but interested users can now sign up to get latest notifications about the phone on HMD's website. Hi Barbie! 💓Coming 28 August 👀. Be the First to Get It! 🎉Sign up now: https://t.co/XKep2MvuKO pic.twitter.com/Zp0XedBXwC— HMD (@HMDdevices) July 29, 2024 HMD, which exclusively sold phones under the Nokia brand name, had disclosed plans to release a Barbie-branded flip phone during MWC 2024 in February. It was earlier expected to go on sale in July. The company has joined hands with Mattel for the flip phone. The HMD Barbie flip is expected to run on either S30+ or KaiOS. It is anticipated to be a traditional feature flip phone rather than a smartphone with access to social media apps following HMD's digital-detox trend. Nokia 3210 Makes a Comeback in India With YouTube, UPI Apps


Nokia 220 4G 2024, Nokia 235 4G 2024 Feature Phones Launched in India Aside from the Barbie phone, HMD made a few product announcements recently. The HMD Crest and Crest Max 5G debuted last week marking HMD's venture into the Indian smartphone market. The company previously offered Nokia-branded devices in the country. Similarly, the HMD Skyline with Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC and 108-megapixel triple rear cameras was unveiled in Europe earlier this month. 




title = "Poco M6 Plus 5G Colour Options, Key Features Confirmed Ahead of August 1 India Launch" ,  Poco M6 Plus 5G will be unveiled in India on August 1 alongside the Poco Buds X1. Previous reports have suggested that the upcoming smartphone will likely be a rebranded Redmi 13 5G, and therefore, share several key features. Poco has already teased some of these features and revealed the design of the handset. Now the company has confirmed the processor, camera, and display details of the phone. The colour options for the Poco M6 Plus 5G have also been revealed. Poco M6 Plus 5G Features, Colour Options The Poco M6 Plus 5G will sport a 6.79-inch full-HD+ display with 120Hz adaptive refresh rate and Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection, the company confirmed in a press note. The handset is claimed to come with the segment's only dual-sided glass design. The company also announced that the Poco M6 Plus 5G will be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 AE (accelerated edition) chipset paired with up to 8GB of RAM. The phone will run on Android 14-based HyperOS out-of-the-box. Poco M6 Plus 5G, Poco Buds X1 Retail Boxes Leak; Key Features Tipped Meanwhile, Poco had recently confirmed that the M6 Plus 5G will feature a dual rear camera system consisting of a 108-megapixel main sensor with 3x in-sensor zoom support. Now, the company has revealed that the phone will have a 13-megapixel front camera for selfies and video calls. The Poco M6 Plus 5G will be equipped with a side-mounted fingerprint sensor for security.  It will measure 8.32mm in thickness and have an IP53-rated build for dust and splash resistance. The phone will be available in three colour options — Graphite Black, Ice Silver and Misty Lavender. Poco M6 Plus 5G With 108-Megapixel Camera to Launch in India on This Date


Poco M6 5G 64GB Variant Goes on Sale in India on July 20: See Price Poco M6 Plus 5G Price in India (Expected) An earlier leak suggested that the Poco M6 Plus 5G could be priced at Rs. 14,999 for the 8GB + 128GB option. It is confirmed to be available via Flipkart. 




title = "Amazon Great Freedom Festival 2024 Sale Event Announced; Company Teases Upcoming Discounts, Offers and Deals" ,  Amazon Great Freedom Festival 2024 sale is coming soon, according to details shared on the e-commerce platform. If we go by the company's previous timelines, we can expect this year's sale event to be held in the first week of August. As part of the upcoming Great Freedom Festival 2024 sale, customers will be able to access deals on electronics and smartphones, home appliances, smart TV and home entertainment systems, as well as the company's Alexa and Fire TV devices. Just like previous years, Amazon Prime subscribers will get early access to the upcoming Great Freedom Festival 2024 sale, which means that these deals and offers will be available to paying subscribers for a few hours before the sale event begins for all Amazon customers. Amazon Great Freedom Festival 2024 Sale A microsite for the upcoming Amazon Great Freedom Festival 2024 sale is now live on the e-commerce firm's website, teasing the arrival of the upcoming sale event. There's no mention of when the sale will begin, but other details related to discounts and offers are already published on the website. Customers can also make purchases using SBI credit card and EMI transactions in order to get a 10 percent instant discount during the upcoming sale event.  Photo Credit: Screenshot/ Amazon  During the Amazon Great Freedom Festival 2024 sale, customers will be able to purchase smartphones with up to 40 percent discounts — prices of handsets will begin at Rs. 6,799, according to the various banners posted on the microsite. Meanwhile, prices of laptops will drop by up to Rs. 45,000 during the sale, while tablets will be available with discounts as high as 6 percent. Customers who are looking to buy a new pair of headphones will be able to take advantage of discounts of up to 75 percent, while smartwatches will be available with even higher discounts — up to 80 percent, according to Amazon. Google Pixel 9 Series Will Be Launched in India on This Date


iPhone 15, iPhone 14, Other Models Get Price Cuts Up to Rs. 5,900 in India


iPhone 16 Shipments in 2024 May be Similar to iPhone 15: Ming-Chi Kuo


Amazon Launches Alexa-Powered Echo Spot With a New Display Design Amazon's own Fire TV and Alexa devices can be purchased at discounted prices that are up to 40 percent lower than their regular retail price. Meanwhile smart TVs and audio systems will be available at up to 65 percent and up to 60 percent discounts during the Amazon Great Freedom Festival 2024 sale. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "OnePlus India Offers Free Screen Upgrade for Certain Models to Prevent Green Line Screen Defect: Report" ,  OnePlus announced a lifetime display warranty for users who suffered from the green line issues with its smartphone displays last year. Now, the Chinese tech brand appears to be offering a free screen upgrade programme for certain handset models in India to remedy the green line screen defect that has plagued AMOLED panels in recent years. This initiative is part of OnePlus's Red Cable Club loyalty programme and it is looking to cover a few old OnePlus phones like the OnePlus 8 Pro, OnePlus 8T, OnePlus 9, and OnePlus 9R. An eagle-eyed X user Starcommander (@Starcommander10) spotted a new benefit in OnePlus's Red Cable Club loyalty programme. The screenshot shared by the user shows that OnePlus is providing a Lifetime Free Screen Upgrade offer as part of this membership programme. As per this offer, OnePlus 8 Pro, OnePlus 8T, OnePlus 9, and OnePlus 9R users are eligible for a "free screen upgrade" and free phone cleanup and maintenance service at OnePlus service centres in India. The screenshot notes that OnePlus handsets that are free from any external damage are eligible for this free service. They shouldn't have been “disassembled privately.” OnePlus Nord 4 With Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 SoC Goes Official in India OnePlus Free Screen Diagnostics and Service Initiative Additionally, a report by Android Authority shared insights about OnePlus's free screen upgrade. The brand is reportedly bringing a free Screen Diagnostics and Service Initiative that includes three tiers of services. The first Comprehensive Diagnostics involves inspection of the screen's performance and reliability. The second Screen Upgrades and Replacements service offers eligible users a “new, advanced display panel” that improves display performance and lastly, the Deep Cleaning Service to ensure it operates optimally. OnePlus reportedly confirmed that this initiative is primarily focusing on the OnePlus 8 Pro. It will extend the initiative to some older models subject to screen availability. "Devices with human-caused damages, such as drops or liquid intrusion, are not eligible for this free upgrade and should be repaired through our standard after-sales service," the report quotes OnePlus as saying. This exclusive free screen upgrade from OnePlus is reportedly limited to Indian users now. OnePlus is said to be considering the possibility of extending similar benefits to other regions like the US. OnePlus Pad 2 With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC Debuts in India To recall, OnePlus last year officially acknowledged the infamous green line issue and announced a lifetime warranty programme for its affected smartphones. Under this programme, the company will replace the displays on affected phones free of cost. On select OnePlus 8 and OnePlus 9 series devices, the brand provided a voucher to upgrade to a new OnePlus device.   




title = "Qualcomm Snapdragon 4s Gen 2 Chipset for Entry-Level 5G Smartphones Debuts in India" ,  Qualcomm announced its latest chipset for the mobile platform – Snapdragon 4s Gen 2 – at the Snapdragon for India event today (July 30). It sits below the Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 in Qualcomm's mobile processor lineup and is targeted towards introducing entry-level 5G smartphones in India. With its launch, the company aims to introduce $99 (roughly Rs. 8,200) phones. In a subsequent announcement, Xiaomi confirmed it will be the first original equipment manufacturer (OEM) to launch a handset powered by this SoC in the country before the end of the year. Snapdragon 4s Gen 2 SoC Specifications According to Qualcomm, its new Snapdragon 4s Gen 2 is aimed at making Gigabit 5G “more attainable” courtesy of the 5G Modem-RF System. The chip also comes with standalone (SA) 5G network support for operating on frequency bands that work independently of 4G networks. It supports dual-SIM 5G connections. Notably, Reliance Jio is the only telecommunications provider in India to offer SA 5G connectivity. Snapdragon 8 Gen 4 Chipset Might Not Offer Significant CPU Improvements It is built on a 64-bit architecture featuring a Qualcomm Kryo CPU with eight cores: two performance and two efficiency. The two performance cores have a peak clock speed of 2.0 GHz while the six efficiency cores are capped at 1.8 GHz. The Adreno GPU onboard offers support for OpenGL ES 3.2, Vulkan 1.1 and OpenCL 2.0 APIs. The SoC is fabricated on a 4-nanometre process. Qualcomm says devices running this chipset can feature LPDDR4x RAM clocked at up to 2133 MHz and up to UFS 3.1 onboard storage. Additionally, the 12-bit Spectra Image Signal Processor (ISP) will support up to 84-megapixel single camera sensors, with options for features such as electronic image stabilisation (EIS) and Multi Frame Noise Reduction (MFNR). The chip has been equipped to support full-HD+ displays with a refresh rate of up to 90Hz. It can also playback videos at a maximum resolution of 1080p at 60 frames-per-second (fps). Furthermore, it gets Qualcomm aptX Adaptive Audio for 96kHz music streaming. Apple May Launch 2 iPhone Models Powered by Its In-House 5G Modem Next Year


Snapdragon-Powered Android Phones Can Support AI Integration: Qualcomm CMO Smartphones with the Snapdragon 4s Gen 2 chip are capable of offering a USB Type-C 3.2 Gen 1 interface and Quick Charge 4+ technology. It comes with Qualcomm's Location Suite, supporting navigational systems (GPS) like QZSS, Galileo, Beidou, GLONASS, NavIC, and GPS, with lane and sidewalk-level accuracy. The processor also supports Bluetooth 5.1 and up to Wi-Fi 5. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Realme Buds T310 TWS Earphones With 46dB Hybrid Noise Cancellation, IP55 Rating Launched in India" ,  Realme Buds T310 were unveiled in India on Tuesday alongside the Realme 13 Pro 5G series of smartphones and the Realme Watch S2. These true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones are equipped with 12.4mm dynamic bass drivers and AI-backed environmental noise cancellation (ENC) supported mics. The earphones offer up to 46dB hybrid noise cancellation as well as 360-degree Spatial Audio effect. The earphones, together with the charging case, are claimed to offer a total playback time of up to 40 hours. Realme Buds T310 Price in India, Availability The Realme Buds T310 are listed in India at Rs. 2,499 and will be available for purchase starting at 12pm IST on August 5 via Flipkart, Realme India website, and select offline retail stores. Customers can avail of an instant discount of Rs. 300 as well. The earphones are offered in three colour options — Agile White, Monet Purple, and Vibrant Black. Realme Buds T310 Specifications, Features The Realme Buds T310 sport 12.4mm dynamic bass drivers and offer up to 46dB of hybrid noise cancellation. Each earbud is equipped with three AI-backed ENC-supported mics that are said to help users experience clearer calls by eliminating environmental disturbances. They support smart touch controls and 45ms ultra-low latency mode. Realme 13 Pro Series With Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 Chipset Launched in India These TWS earphones also support 360-degree Spatial Audio and dynamic sound effects. The Realme Buds T310 are compatible with the Realme Link application. The earphones support dual device connection which means they can be paired with two devices simultaneously. Realme Buds T310 are claimed to offer a total playback time of up to 40 hours on a single charge with noise cancellation turned off. With the noise cancellation feature on, the earphones are said to offer a total battery life of up to 26 hours. The earphones support fast charging, and are claimed to offer 5 hours of music playback with a 10 minute charge. Realme Watch S2 With Up to 20 Days Battery Life Debuts in India: See Price


Realme 13 Pro 5G First Impressions The Realme Buds T310 earbuds come with an IP55 rating for dust and splash resistance. They support Bluetooth 5.4 connectivity with SBC and AAC audio codecs. 




title = "Harry Potter: Quidditch Champions Gets New Gameplay Trailer, Pre-Orders Now Live" ,  Harry Potter: Quidditch Champions was announced last month, with Warner Bros. Games confirming a September 3 release date. Now, the publisher has revealed the gameplay for the Wizarding World title with a new trailer. Warner Bros. Games has also confirmed the game's pre-order details and staggered release timeline, with the digital version of the game launching in September, followed by a physical release in November. The new gameplay trailer showcases Quidditch gameplay, available game modes and player characters. Harry Potter: Quidditch Champions gameplay trailer Developed by Unbroken Studios, Harry Potter: Quidditch Champions will feature a single-player career mode and an online competitive mode. The game will also feature the Quidditch World Cup. The "Welcome Students" gameplay trailer provides a first look at fast-faced Quidditch matches, where players can take part as a Beater, Chaser, Keeper or Seeker. The publisher also revealed pre-order details for the title, which will be available in Standard and Deluxe editions. The latest trailer showed off Quidditch gameplay, large arenas and popular playable characters from the Wizarding World, including Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, Draco Malfoy and more. Players can also choose to create their own custom character. Suicide Squad: Kill the Justice League Teases ‘Hundreds’ of Builds .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Harry Potter: Quidditch Champions pre-order details Harry Potter: Quidditch Champions has also been confirmed to get a staggered release. The digital versions of both Standard and Deluxe editions of the game will be released September 3, while the physical Deluxe edition will launch November 8 on PC (via Steam and Epic Games Store) PS5, PS4, Xbox Series S/X and Xbox One. A Nintendo Switch version will arrive later during the 2024 holiday season. Deluxe edition rewards include House packs for all four houses — Gryffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff, and in-game currency. Hogwarts Legacy Sold Over 22 Million Copies in 2023, Warner Bros. Claims The game is currently available to pre-order on all platforms, with a Firebolt Supreme broom skin available as a pre-order reward item. Additionally, the Standard edition of Harry Potter: Quidditch Champions will be available as a PlayStation Plus launch title at no extra cost to all PS Plus members from September 3 to September 30. Once added to the library, the game will be playable as long as players have an active PS Plus subscription. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Lava Yuva Star 4G Renders Leaked Online, Said to Get 5,000mAh Battery, 50-Megapixel Rear Camera" ,  Lava Yuva Star 4G is reportedly making its way to the Indian market. The domestic smartphone brand is yet to confirm the existence of a new Yuva series phone, but ahead of it, renders and specifications of the phone have surfaced online. The leaked hands-on renders show the smartphone in two finishes. The Lava Yuva Star 4G is tipped to run on Unisoc T750 and is said to feature dual rear cameras. It is expected to carry a 5,000mAh battery. Lava Yuva Star 4G design revealed in renders A report by Passionategeekz has shared alleged hands-on renders and specifications of Lava Yuva Star 4G. The images show the handset in blue and lavender shades with curved edges and thin bezels. The display has a waterdrop-style notch in the centre. The renders show a dual rear camera unit arranged in a rectangular-shaped camera island with round edges. Lava Yuva Star 4G specifications (expected) As per the report, the Lava Yuva Star 4G runs on Android 14 and features a 6.52-inch LCD HD+ (720×1,600 pixels) 2.5D curved glass display with 269ppi pixel density and 90Hz refresh rate. It is said to get a UniSoC T750 chipset under the hood alongside Mali G57 GPU and 4GB of RAM. The handset could support 4GB virtual RAM as well. Lava Yuva 5G With Unisoc T750 5G SoC Debuts in India The Lava Yuva Star 4G is tipped to come with a dual rear camera setup, including a 50-megapixel primary camera and a 2-megapixel secondary camera alongside LED flash. It could include an 8-megapixel selfie shooter at the front with a screen flash. Lava is expected to pack a 5,000mAh battery on the Yuva Star 4G. The phone is likely to support face unlock feature and carry a side-mounted fingerprint sensor. Lava Blaze X 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC Goes Official in India The Lava Blaze is rumoured to be offered in 64GB and 128GB storage options and could be priced below Rs. 10,000 in the country. It is likely to retail for a price tag between Rs. 7,000 and Rs. 8,000. 




title = "Realme Watch S2 With Up to 20 Days Battery Life, IP68 Rating Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Realme Watch S2 was unveiled in India on Tuesday alongside the Realme 13 Pro 5G series of smartphones. The smartwatch comes with a circular 1.43-inch dial with interchangeable straps and is claimed to offer up to 20 days of battery life. It is also equipped with several health and fitness trackers with support for over 110 preset sports modes. The smart wearable gets Bluetooth calling and comes with AI-backed features. It is available with an IP68-rated build. Realme Watch S2 Price in India, Availability The Realme Watch S2 price in India starts at Rs. 4,999 for the Midnight Black and Ocean Silver options, which come with silicone straps. Meanwhile, the Metallic Grey variant is offered with Bamboo-joint steel straps and is priced at Rs. 5,299. The watch will be available for purchase in the country via Flipkart, Realme India website, and select offline retail stores starting August 5. Prior to that, the Realme Watch S2 will also be available during an Early Bird sale at 6pm IST on July 30. Customers can avail of a Rs. 500 discount on the price of the watch. Realme 13 Pro Series With Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 Chipset Launched in India Realme Watch S2 Specifications, Features The Realme Watch S2 sports a 1.43-inch circular AMOLED screen with a 466 x 466 pixels resolution, 600nits of peak brightness level, and 326ppi pixel density. It is backed by a Super AI engine which includes a ChatGPT 3.5-backed assistant that users can access via the Realme Link application. Users can also create AI watch faces with the voice-controlled image generation feature using the same app. The newly launched Realme Watch S2 has more than 150 cloud-based watch faces as well as over 110 preset sports modes. It is equipped with heart rate, blood oxygen level, sleep and menstrual health trackers. The watch features an IP68-rated build for dust and water resistance. Realme has packed a 380mAh battery in the Watch S2 that is claimed to offer up to 20 days of battery life with AOD, Bluetooth calling off, and not using more than three health tracking sensors. With standard usage, the battery life may come down to up to 14 days, while with the Always-On Display mode, it may last up to five days. The fully charged battery is claimed to have a standby time of up to 38 days. Realme 13 Pro 5G First Impressions


Realme Narzo N61 With IP54 Rating Launched in India: See Price, Offers The Realme Watch S2 supports Bluetooth calling with 10m connectivity and can offer up to 15 hours of continuous talk time. The watch allows users to store up to 4GB worth of MP3 music files which can be played locally, without the need of a paired smartphone. It can be used as a remote camera shutter with the paired handset. The watch body measures 46.5 x 46.5 x 11mm in size and weighs 41g.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "WhatsApp Announces Metro Card Recharge Facility Via Chatbot Across Delhi-NCR" ,  WhatsApp is rolling out a new facility to make the commute easier for Metro users in Delhi and NCR. With the rollout of its latest feature, WhatsApp users can now recharge their smart cards issued by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) via a dedicated chatbot on the instant messaging platform. Apart from top-up services, it also offers other services such as ticket purchasing, viewing previous transactions and contacting customer support. This development follows DMRC's partnership with Airtel Payments Bank to provide commuters with digital payment solutions. Metro Recharge via WhatsApp WhatsApp says users can access ticketing and chatbot services on the app on both Android and iOS platforms. The facility is available in two languages: English and Hindi, and can be accessed by sending a ‘Hi' text to +91 9650855800, which is the number provided by the DMRC. Alternatively, the DMRC chatbot can also be found in the Payments section of WhatsApp, under the Chat with businesses option.  Delhi Metro Smart Card Top-Up on WhatsApp To recharge a smart card, users first need to select their preferred language and then tap on the Smart Card topUp option. The chatbot will then provide a link which redirects them to a payment gateway. Users can then enter the card number, select the amount and make the payment to complete the recharge. WhatsApp May Allow Users to React to Messages by Double-Tapping Them As per the company, commuters can top-up their smart cards on WhatsApp by using various payment methods, such as UPI and credit/debit cards. While top-up via UPI does not include any extra charge, debit card transactions will incur a 0.40 percent charge, while 1.10 percent charge will be levied on transactions made through the credit card. The payment services are powered by PeLocal. Meta AI on WhatsApp Will Introduce Imagine Edits and Llama 3.1 405B Model


WhatsApp Could Introduce an AirDrop-Like File Sharing Feature on iPhone WhatsApp says the new Delhi Metro smart card recharge facility is available for all routes in the Delhi and NCR region, including Gurugram's Rapid Metro. This feature builds upon the QR-based Delhi Metro ticketing system enabled by WhatsApp last year. Apart from Delhi, states such as Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Chennai, Nagpur, and Pune have also integrated WhatsApp into their transport-related services. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Crypto Scammers are Disguising as BlackRock Officials to Lure Potential Victims: Details" ,  BlackRock, renowned as the world's largest asset management firm, has issued a warning about crypto scammers impersonating its company officials. This comes amid a wave of recent hacks targeting various crypto projects, including LiFi, WazirX, dYdX, Fractal ID, and MonoSwap, putting the industry on high alert globally. BlackRock reportedly held custody of assets worth $10.5 trillion in the first quarter of 2024, between January and March this year. The firm, headquartered in New York City, US, published an official blog post as a warning to the crypto investor circle on July 29. The company has claimed that there has been a significant spike in crypto-related investment scams and that criminals are misusing BlackRock's identity to get in touch with their targets. “Scams are becoming increasingly sophisticated, and fraudsters will often use names of well-known companies, like BlackRock, to gain credibility and appear legitimate,” the firm said in its blog post, further highlighting the tactics that are being exploited most by hackers. RBI Outlines its eRupee CBDC Plans in New Report Scam Trends Observed by BlackRock Scammers are flocking to crypto because of two reasons – volatile pricing and the privacy of transactions that it offers. According to BlackRock, phishing websites, fake email addresses, and counterfeit documentation are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the methods crypto scammers use to lure victims into their traps. In investment scams, fraudsters often use limited-time offers to pressure victims, making the lure of a substantial reward overshadow their better judgment. The asset management firm noted that crypto scammers are, “using social engineering techniques (e.g., manipulation, influencing) to extract confidential or personal information, using genuine names of employees that match those on regulators' websites or senior executives, and exploiting social networking platforms to target large audiences,” to facilitate their criminal agenda. “The fraudsters try to convince you to invest in something that either does not exist or is worthless. They may contact you out of the blue or after you have searched for a specific investment, where you enter your personal contact details,” BlackRock said. “Recent examples include fixed rate bond scams offering guaranteed returns. We have seen several of these targeting different financial institutions, including BlackRock.” WazirX Blames Liminal for Wallet Compromise, Says Own Systems Secure Immunefi, a Web3 bug bounty platform, recently released a report that claimed that in the second quarter of 2024 – between April and June – crypto scams rose by 91 percent compared to the second quarter of 2023. The report said the crypto industry has lost $509 million (roughly Rs. 4,261 crore) to frauds and scams in 2024 Q2. These statistics underscore a growing threat of crypto scams within the sector, and BlackRock's urgent warning highlights the seriousness of the situation. Identifying Red Flags The asset management firm, which spearheaded the listing of Bitcoin ETFs in the US this January, has outlined key red flags that the crypto community should be aware of to avoid falling victim to common scam tactics. “Fraudsters spend time researching their victims and often have more information about them than we think. They can be charming, understanding, appear knowledgeable and persuasive. They take advantage of an individual's instinctive willingness to trust and use this to build a rapport,” BlackRock's post noted. There has been a spike in investment-related scams, including directing users toward crypto investment-related websites and/or social media platforms such as WhatsApp or Telegram. We urge caution in dealing with individuals, websites or social media platforms using our brand and…— BlackRock (@BlackRock) July 28, 2024 Scammers often reveal their true nature through poor spelling and grammar when impersonating reputable companies or their officials. BlackRock has also cautioned against schemes promising returns that seem too good to be true. Payment requests, emails from free webmail services or domains with subtle differences, time-bound offers, and frequent changes in email domains are among the warning signs that can help crypto holders protect themselves from scammers. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Oppo A3x Price in India, Design, Specifications Leaked; Tipped to Get Dimensity 6300 SoC, 5,100mAh Battery" ,  Oppo A3x could be unveiled soon as its pricing details, key specifications, and renders have surfaced online through alleged marketing images. The leaked promotional materials suggest three colour options and dual rear cameras for the Oppo A3x. It is said to feature a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 SoC under the hood, along with 4GB of RAM. The Oppo A3x is tipped to carry a 5,100mAh battery with 45W fast charging support. It is likely to come with an IP54-rated build. Oppo A3x price in India, design (leaked) Folks at 91Mobiles Hindi have got their hands on alleged marketing materials of Oppo A3x that suggest its India pricing, specifications, and design. The report also includes alleged live renders of the phone. They show sparkle black, starlight white, and starry purple colours for the device. It appears to have a dual rear camera unit arranged on the upper left corner of the handset. As per the report, the Oppo A3x will be priced at Rs. 12,499 for the 4GB RAM + 64GB storage model and Rs. 13,499 for the 4GB RAM + 128GB storage version. Oppo K12x 5G With MIL-STD-810H Rating Debuts in India: See Price, Offers Oppo A3x specifications (leaked) The Oppo A3x is tipped to run on Android 14-based ColorOS 14.1 and feature a 6.67-inch HD+ (720x1,604 pixels) display with 120Hz refresh rate and 1,000nits peak brightness. It is said to be equipped with an octa-core 6nm MediaTek Dimensity 6300 processor paired with 4GB RAM and up to 128GB storage. The RAM is said to support expansion by utilising unused storage. For optics, the Oppo A3x could pack a 32-megapixel primary camera and a 5-megapixel selfie camera. It is said to get a 5,100mAh battery with 45W fast charging support. Oppo Reno 12 Pro 5G Goes on Sale in India: Check Price, Launch Offers Purported marketing images of the Oppo A3x indicate an IP54-rated build for the phone for water and dust resistance. It could offer splash touch support that allows users to operate the device even with wet hands. It is said to get a double-tempering glass, an alloy frame, and an anti-drop shield case.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Samsung Vice Chairman Visits Noida Factory, Says India ‘One of the Biggest’ Global Markets With Huge Opportunity" ,  Samsung Electronics announced the visit of a company official to its Noida factory on Tuesday, praising its India-based research and development (R&D) teams. Notably, this facility, located in Noida, Uttar Pradesh, manufactures consumer electronic devices including smartphones, tablets, and refrigerators. As per the company, this is the official's second trip to India in 2024, signalling the country's growing importance for the South Korean technology conglomerate. Samsung Official Visits Noida Factory In a newsroom post, Samsung Electronics revealed that JH Han, Vice Chairman, CEO and Head of the Device eXperience (DX) Division visited the Samsung Noida factory which is dubbed as the “world's largest mobile factory” by the company. Following the visit, the official remarked, “India is one of the biggest and fastest-growing markets globally and offers a huge opportunity for Samsung. We were among the first companies to invest in India, and I am happy that the Noida factory has emerged as one of our biggest facilities, manufacturing not only for India, but for the world.” Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim Might Not Be Thinner Than Its Rivals Samsung's Noida plant was first set up in 1996 – becoming one of the first global manufacturing facilities to be established in the country. It started smartphone manufacturing in 2017. The factory's capacity was expanded to a production limit of 120 million smartphones per year in 2018, following an investment of Rs. 4,916 crore by the South Korean company. It is spread over 129,000 square metres. In January, TM Roh, President and Head of the Mobile Experience Business at Samsung Electronics announced that this facility will start manufacturing laptop models to be sold in the Indian markets later this year. Apart from its Noida factory, Samsung also has another plant located in Tamil Nadu's Sriperumbudur. During his visit, the Samsung Vice Chairman also praised the R&D carried out by its India-based teams. “I am proud that many young, enterprising engineers who are playing an important role in the development of AI are working at our R&D centers in India", the official said. Samsung Galaxy A06 Design, Key Specifications Leaked Ahead of Debut


Samsung to Bring AI Features From the Galaxy Z Flip 6 to These Older Models Samsung says it is dedicated to the “Make in India” initiative. It has a total of three R&D centres in India, with two of them being located in Noida and one in Bengaluru. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim Leaked Dimensions Suggest It Will Be Thicker Than Rival Foldables: Report" ,  Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 is expected to arrive later this year as a modern version of the company's book-style foldable phone, with a chiselled design and straight lines. While Samsung has launched phones with incremental updates over the past two years, other firms have introduced slimmer rivals, raising the bar in terms of design. While this year's Galaxy Z Fold 6 is slimmer than its predecessor at 12.9mm, competing devices on sale in India by Vivo and OnePlus (released earlier) are already ahead slimmer at 11.2 and 11.7mm, respectively. The South Korean tech conglomerate is tipped to launch another foldable phone this year. The purported Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim is expected to be slimmer than the current Galaxy Z Fold 6 which recently went on sale. However, The Elec reports that the rumoured foldable phone may still be thicker than the competition. Citing a source, the report claims that Samsung has managed to achieve a thickness of 11.5mm when folded. It has reportedly achieved this by removing the digitiser which is needed when using the S Pen. The digitiser layer reportedly adds about 0.6mm to the thickness of the currently available model. Even at 11.5mm, the Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim will still be competing with an older set of foldables, which mainly includes Vivo's X Fold 3 Pro (11.2mm) and OnePlus's Open (11.7mm). Xiaomi has already announced its latest book-style contender called the Mix Fold 4 which is just 9.47mm thick when folded. Similarly, Honor recently announced its latest foldable called the Magic V3, which edges out the Mix Fold by about 0.2mm at 9.2-9.3mm. The publication states that Samsung has been struggling with long-term reliability issues when designing foldables to be slimmer than its current offerings. The Slim is said to have a larger 8.0-inch display accompanied by a 6.5-inch cover display (with a broader 19.5:9 aspect ratio), but recent reports suggest it will only be available in select markets (South Korea and China). The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 Slim is tipped to arrive in October. An earlier report claimed that Samsung Electronics President and Head of MX Business TM Roh asked Samsung engineers to develop an extra slim foldable smartphone similar to the Samsung Galaxy S24. The Galaxy S24 Ultra, which we reviewed this year is just 7.7mm thick as it's not a foldable phone. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Pixel Watch 3 Colour Options, Interchangeable Straps Leaked Ahead of Expected August 13 Launch" ,  Google Pixel Watch 3 is expected to launch alongside the Pixel 9 series of smartphones at the upcoming Made by Google event on August 13. The company is yet to confirm the arrival of the next generation of Google Pixel smartwatches. Earlier leaks have suggested some features of the anticipated smart wearable. A new report has now hinted at the different colourways and band options for the Pixel Watch 3, which is likely to come in two sizes — 41mm and 45mm. Google Pixel Watch 3 Colour and Band Options (Expected) According to a recent Android Headlines report, the 41mm version of the Google Pixel Watch 3 is tipped to be offered with ten interchangeable strap options, including Active Band, Active Sport Band, Woven Band, Stretch Band, Metal Mesh Band, Metal Links Band, Metal Slim Band, Two-tone Leather Band, Crafted Leather Band, and the Performance Loop Band. The 45mm version of the Google Pixel Watch 3 is expected to support similar interchangeable band options excluding four designs — Stretch Band, Metal Mesh, Metal Slim and the Two-Tone Leather. The Performance Loop Band variant, for both sizes, is tipped to launch later this year in October. Google Pixel Watch 3 Could Arrive in Up to Four Colours at These Prices The report has further detailed the colour options for each of these band styles. The Google Pixel Watch 3 case is also expected to get multiple colourways. The 41mm option will likely be available in a Champagne Gold Aluminium case paired with a Hazel band and in a Polished Silver Aluminium case alongside a Rose Quartz Band. Meanwhile, the 45mm variant of the Google Pixel Watch 3, is expected to get a Matte Hazel Aluminium case with a Hazel band option. Both 41mm and 45mm versions are also tipped to come in a Matte Black Aluminium case paired with an Obsidian band, and a Polished Silver Aluminium case with Porcelain band variants. The aforementioned report also added that the Google Pixel Watch 3 buyers may also get 6 months of free Fitbit Premium support as they did with previous models. Google Pixel Watch 3 Tipped to Offer These Upgrades Over Pixel Watch 2


Google's Pixel Watch 3 XL May Look Like This Previous-Gen Smartwatch Google Pixel Watch 3 Features (Expected) Previous reports have claimed that the Google Pixel Watch 3 may come with a Qualcomm Snapdragon W5 SoC paired with an ultra-wideband (UWB) chipset. The 41mm and 45mm variants are tipped to carry 310mAh and 420mAh batteries, respectively. The smaller and larger versions are also expected to support 408 x 408 pixels and  456 x 456 pixels resolution, respectively. The purported smartwatch may also sport thinner bezels and a peak brightness of 2,000 nits. 




title = "Nothing Phone 2a Plus Design Revealed Officially Ahead of July 31 India Launch; Looks Similar to Phone 2a" ,  Nothing Phone 2a Plus — the next offering from Carl Pei-led UK brand Nothing — will be launched on July 31 in India. Just a day ahead of the official debut, Nothing has given us our first look at the upcoming smartphone through a teaser image. The official image offers a full view of the back and suggests a dual-tone finish for the phone. It has a dual rear camera system as well. Earlier this week, Nothing confirmed that the Phone 2a Plus will come with two 50-megapixel rear cameras and a 50-megapixel front camera. Additionally, alleged images of the Nothing Phone 2a Plus and its retail box have surfaced online. Nothing Phone 2a Plus design revealed Nothing on Tuesday shared the design of its upcoming Nothing Phone 2a Plus on X. As mentioned, the handset seems to have a silver and grey dual-tone design with two horizontally arranged rear cameras. The image shows a similar design to Nothing Phone 2a which was launched in May this year. The new phone appears to retain the Glyph Interface with LED lights and textured outline. Additionally, SmartPrix has shared alleged images of the Nothing Phone 2a Plus and its retail box. The retail package has a boxy design and it looks very similar to the Nothing Phone 2a except the "Plus" text. Nothing Phone 2a Plus Teased to Come With Improvements Over Phone 2a Nothing Phone 2a Plus: What we know so far Nothing previously confirmed that the Phone 2a Plus would pack the MediaTek Dimensity 7350 Pro chipset. It is teased to include two 50-megapixel rear cameras at the back and a 50-megapixel selfie camera. It will carry 12GB of RAM and the onboard memory can be virtually expanded up to 20GB with RAM Booster technology. It will pack Mali-G610 MC4 GPU. As per past leaks, the Nothing Phone 2a Plus will be offered in black and grey colour options. It is likely to get a 6.7-inch 120Hz AMOLED screen and an in-display fingerprint sensor. It is expected to carry a 5,000mAh battery with 50W wired fast charging support.  CMF Phone 1 With Customisable Rear Panel, Dimensity 7300 Launched in India  




title = "Google Chrome for Desktop Is Getting Circle to Search-Like Visual Lookup Functionality via Lens" ,  Google Chrome may be getting a new search feature that works similarly to ‘Circle to Search' – the visual lookup tool powered by artificial intelligence (AI) which Google introduced in January, according to a report. The feature is said to be integrated into Google Lens and can be accessed via a beta version of Google Chrome on desktops and Chromebooks. Notably, Circle to Search was also recently introduced on iOS devices via a shortcut. Google Lens' Drag to Search According to a report by 9to5Google, Google has introduced a new functionality, dubbed ‘drag to search' on Chrome 127 and 128 beta versions for desktops and Chromebooks. It appears in the form of a Google Lens icon alongside the bookmarks option in the address bar.  Visual Lookup in Google Lens on Chrome for Desktop To activate this feature, users can simply click on the icon and a new window appears, stating that users can “search anything on this page with Google Lens”. Subsequently, a custom selection window pops up which can be dragged to search for anything on the web page. The feature's user interface (UI) is similar to the one on the Android platform, with a shimmering appearance on the borders of the selection window. According to Google, when a user accesses Google Lens' new functionality, a screenshot of that page is sent to the company. Gadgets 360 staff members were able to verify the new drag-to-search functionality in Google Chrome 128 beta on Windows. Since it is only available in a beta version of the web browser, the feature is experimental. This feature was first reportedly leaked by X (formerly Twitter) user @Leopeva64 via a series of posts in May. At the time, the user speculated to be an AI-powered lookup feature similar to Circle to Search and could improve upon the existing functionality of Google Lens. Google Pixel 9 Series Might Let You Record and Transcribe Your Calls


Gemini Might Soon Let You Edit Your AI-Generated Images on Android


Google Maps Now Tells You Which Flyover to Take, Where to Charge Your EV Other New Features in Chrome In recent months, Google has been said to be developing several new features for its web browser. A report suggested that Google Chrome on Android could soon read aloud web pages in the background, via a feature dubbed ‘Listen to this Page'. The web browser also added new actions and more features on both Android and iOS platforms in a bid to provide an improved search experience to users. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Amy Hennig's Marvel 1943: Rise of Hydra Will Be Published by Plaion" ,  Marvel 1943: Rise of Hydra, the upcoming action-adventure game featuring popular Marvel superheroes Captain America and Black Panther, will be published by Plaion. The company announced a worldwide publishing partnership with developer Skydance New Media, confirming that it will bring Marvel 1943: Rise of Hydra to players in 2025. The game was revealed earlier this year at Epic Games' State of Unreal event at Game Developers Conference (GDC). Plaion to publish Marvel 1943: Rise of Hydra The game is helmed by Amy Hennig, an industry veteran known for her work on the Legacy of Kain and Uncharted franchises. Marvel 1943: Rise of Hydra does not yet have a concrete release date but is confirmed to launch sometime next year. “We are proud to partner with Skydance Games and industry legend Amy Hennig on what is one of the most anticipated AAA games currently in development,” Plaion CEO Klemens Kundratitz said on the publishing deal between the two companies. “We believe PLAION is the perfect publishing partner for the multiplatform, worldwide release of MARVEL 1943: Rise of Hydra” Julian Beak, co-president at Skydance New Media, said. “For our studio's debut title, we're crafting an original Marvel story directed by Amy Hennig. We're thrilled to have found a global publisher that shares our ambitious vision for the project,” he added. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }  Marvel 1943: Rise of Hydra will be a narrative-driven action-adventure title featuring four playable characters — Captain America; Azzuri, the Black Panther of the 1940s; Gabriel Jones of the Howling Commandos; and Nanali, a Wakandan spy embedded in Occupied Paris. The game will focus on Captain America and the Black Panther working together to thwart Hydra during World War II. The upcoming game was revealed in March with a story-focussed trailer at GDC. The cinematic trailer did not showcase any gameplay, but hinted at the game's stealth and action gameplay and detailed its superhero protagonists. The game is also confirmed to be built on Unreal Engine 5. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Apple Trained Two AI Models Using Google's Chips, Research Paper Shows" ,  Apple relied on chips designed by Google rather than industry leader Nvidia to build two key components of its Artificial Intelligence (AI) software infrastructure for its forthcoming suite of AI tools and features, an Apple research paper published on Monday, July 29 showed. Apple's decision to rely on Google's cloud infrastructure is notable because Nvidia produces the most sought-after AI processors. Including the chips made by Google, Amazon.com and other cloud computing companies, Nvidia commands roughly 80 percent of the market. Watch Meta's SAM 2 Model Identify Objects in Videos Using AI In the research paper, Apple did not explicitly say that it used no Nvidia chips, but its description of the hardware and software infrastructure of its AI tools and features lacked any mention of Nvidia hardware. Apple did not comment on Monday. The iPhone maker said that to train its AI models, it used two flavors of Google's tensor processing unit (TPU) that are organised in large clusters of chips. Apple Intelligence Availability to Be Delayed Beyond iOS 18 Launch To build the AI model that will operate on iPhones and other devices, Apple used 2,048 of the TPUv5p chips. For its server AI model, Apple deployed 8,192 TPUv4 processors. Nvidia does not design TPUs but rather focuses its efforts on so-called graphics processing units (GPUs) that are widely used for AI efforts. Unlike Nvidia, which sells its chips and systems as standalone products, Google sells access to TPUs through its Google Cloud Platform. Customers interested in buying access must build software through Google's cloud platform in order to use the chips. Apple is rolling out portions of Apple Intelligence to its beta users this week. Reuters reported the use of the TPU chips in June, but Apple did not disclose the full extent of its reliance on Google hardware until Monday's research paper. Google did not return a request for comment, while Nvidia declined to comment. Apple's engineers said in the paper it would be possible to make even larger, more sophisticated models with Google's chips, than the two models it discussed in the paper. Apple unveiled a slew of new AI features at its June developer conference, including integrating OpenAI's ChatGPT technology into its software. The Cupertino, California-based company's stock ticked down 0.1 percent to $218.24 (roughly Rs. 18,272) in regular trading on Monday. © Thomson Reuters 2024 




title = "Meta Releases 'Segment Anything Model 2' With AI-Powered Object Identification in Images and Videos" ,  Meta released a new artificial intelligence (AI) model on Monday that can perform complex computer vision tasks. Dubbed Segment Anything Model 2 (SAM 2), it follows after its predecessor that was launched last year and was incorporated in Instagram's Backdrop and Cutouts tools. The successor to the model now comes with advanced capabilities and the company said it can perform segment identification and tracking even on videos. Like most of Meta's large language models (LLMs), SAM 2 is also an open-source AI model. Meta's Segment Anything Model 2 Unveiled In a newsroom post, Meta announced the new AI model which focuses on segment analysis on videos primarily, while improving its image segmentation capabilities. Highlighting the accomplishments of its predecessor, Meta said the AI model was used in Instagram's Backdrop and Cutouts features, while marine scientists used it to “segment sonar images and analyse coral reefs, satellite imagery analysis for disaster relief, and in the medical field, segmenting cellular images and aiding in detecting skin cancer". View this post on Instagram           A post shared by Mark Zuckerberg (@zuck) SAM 2 is capable of object segmentation in an image and video as well as track it across different frames of a video in real-time. The AI can also track and segment objects in scenarios where the objects move fast, change in appearance, or are concealed by other objects or an entirely different scene. The foundation model for prompt-based visual segmentation is built on a simple transformer architecture. It has a streaming memory that allows it to process videos in real-time. The company also claimed that the model was trained on its largest video segmentation dataset dubbed SA-V dataset. Instagram Now Lets You Create AI Characters Using Meta AI Studio Meta said the AI model can help ease the process of video editing or AI-based video generation, as well as to power new experiences in the company's mixed-reality ecosystem. The object tracking capability in videos can also assist in faster annotation of visual data to train other computer vision systems, the company added. Meta AI on WhatsApp Will Introduce Imagine Edits and Llama 3.1 405B Model


Meta Quest 3 Will Soon Be Able to Answer Queries About Your Surroundings Since it is an open-source AI model, the company has hosted its weights on its GitHub page. Interested individuals can download and test out the AI model. Notably, it is licenced under the Apache 2.0 licence which allows for research, academic, and non-commercial usage. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "WazirX Hack Aftermath: Self-Custody of Crypto Assets in India Possible, Crypto Exchange Claims" ,  The debate on alternate methods of storing crypto assets has heated up in India after the recent breach of a WazirX wallet that led to the theft of over $230 million (roughly Rs. 1,900 crore) of crypto assets. The compromised multi-sig wallet was placed under Liminal Custody's supervision by WazirX, but hackers reportedly succeeded in stealing the funds from the wallet. This has raised several questions over the security practices that crypto firms follow, including keeping the custody of user funds with themselves and sometimes tasking third-party firms with their asset storage needs. Self-Custody of Assets: How it Works WazirX rival Giottus has posted details of how self-custody of crypto assets would work in a country like India, days after the hacking incident. Before we delve into what Giottus has highlighted, we need to understand what exactly is the [self-custody](https://www.gadgets360.com/tags/self-custody-crypto) of crypto assets. As the name suggests, a crypto firm can allow self-custody so that investors to keep the private keys to their respective wallets with themselves rather than storing them with the exchanges. The users can then choose if they wish to store their private key on a web-connected ‘hot wallet' or a non-web connected ‘cold wallet' — that includes paper wallets and hard wallets. RBI Outlines its eRupee CBDC Plans in New Report In a thread on X (formerly Twitter), Giottus said that it is possible for Indian exchanges to explore adding the self-custody of assets feature to their platforms, which could benefit customers in several ways. “Self-custody means having full control over your crypto assets without relying on exchanges. You are the sole owner of your private keys. No intermediaries, no third parties. Just you and your assets,” Giottus said, claiming that the feature could enhance the security of funds eliminating the risks of hacks on centralised exchanges while also giving crypto holders complete financial sovereignty. The exchange also, however, highlighted the roadblocks that stand in the way of exchanges offering self-custody of assets to the users in India. “Crypto withdrawals need additional safety measures in India. To remain compliant, and thus safe, crypto exchanges in India must follow a strict process to allow customers to take custody of their crypto assets. Once your KYC and due-diligence are complete, any FIU-registered exchange in India can offer self-custody,” the exchange said. Cardano Blockchain to Get Decentralised Governance Feature: Here’s How In addition, Giottus noted that not all users are equipped with the kind of security upgrades and advanced tech that self-custody of assets may make them feel compelled to keep up with. The crypto exchange says that in the case of hardware wallets, if the total funds stored within exceed Rs. 50,000, the cost of a secure hardware wallet could start from Rs. 10,000 and go above. Similarly, in case of software wallets for self-custody of assets, if the stored funds are below Rs. 10,000 then the users can face higher transaction costs. Clarity in crypto regulations, as per Giottus, could solve these issues that are keeping crypto firms in India limited to tried and tested methods of conducting businesses rather than exploring alternatives less explored. Demand for Self-Custody Increases After WazirX Hack The wallet hack of WazirX has sent shockwaves across India's crypto industry and even abroad – so much so that it has reportedly even caught the attention of the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). Both, WazirX and Liminal have cited their respective internal investigations to claim that the compromise did not occur from their ends, trying to pin responsibility of the incident on each other. The deposits, withdrawals, and trading services on WazirX are on hold, leaving its userbase in the lurch without access to their funds. As WazirX hopes to recover the stolen funds through its bounty initiative, it has laid out a ‘socialised loss strategy'  to mitigate the aftermath of losing almost half of its reserves to this hack. As per WazirX, users with 100 percent of their tokens in the ‘not stolen' category will receive 55 percent of those tokens back. The remaining 45 percent will be converted to USDT-equivalent tokens and locked. Users can either willingly disable their crypto/INR withdrawals and continue with trading and INR deposits or choose to keep withdrawals open, but with daily limit. In case there is a recovery of the hacked amount, the people who choose option A will be rewarded with hundred percent of their funds back but people who choose option B will have to compromise with only some percent of the compensation. However, the exchange has received ample criticism for the decision.




title = "Honor Magic 6 Pro India Launch Date Set for August 2; Specifications Revealed via DxOMark Listing" ,  Honor Magic 6 Pro will launch in India soon. The phone was initially unveiled in China in January this year and introduced in select global markets in February, alongside the base Honor Magic 6. However, the company has not yet revealed when the vanilla version will arrive in India. The design and colour options of the Honor Magic 6 Pro as well as its launch date in the country have been announced. The DxOMark listing of the handset has also revealed the key features of the Indian variant of the handset. Honor Magic 6 Pro India Launch Date The Honor Magic 6 Pro will be launched in India on August 2 at 12:30pm IST, the company confirmed on Tuesday. The handset will be available for purchase in the country via Amazon, the company's website and select offline retail stores. In a press note, the company revealed that the Honor Magic 6 Pro has received five DxOMark 2024 Gold label certifications, for its front and rear cameras, display, battery as well as audio experience. Honor Magic 6 Series Launched With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC: Check Price The promotional image shows that the phone will be offered in India in black and green colourways. The design also appears to be similar to its global and Chinese variants. Honor Magic 6 Pro Features The Honor Magic 6 Pro is listed on the DxOMark website as well as a microsite on the company's website, with several key features. It will sport a 6.8-inch full-HD+ (1,280 x 2,800 pixels) LTPO OLED screen with up to 120Hz refresh rate, up to 5,000 nits of peak brightness level and Dolby Vision support. The phone is expected to be powered by a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC paired with 12GB or 16GB of RAM. The handset is also said to support onboard storage of 256GB, 512GB and 1TB. It runs on Android 14-based MagicOS 8.0. Honor Magic 6 Series, Honor Magic V2 Series Make Global Debut at MWC 2024 For optics, the Honor Magic 6 Pro will be equipped with a triple rear camera unit, including a 50-megapixel main sensor, another 50-megapixel sensor paired with an ultra-wide angle lens and a 180-megapixel telephoto shooter with up to 2.5x optical zoom and up to 10x digital zoom support. The 50-megapixel front camera of the handset is accompanied by a secondary 3D depth sensor. Honor Magic 6 Pro Spotted on BIS Website; India Launch Appears Imminent The Honor Magic 6 Pro is backed by a 5,600mAh battery with 80W wired fast charging support. The handset comes with an IP68 rating for dust and water resistance. It is equipped with stereo speakers and measures 162.5 x 75.8 x 8.9mm. 




title = "X Working on Support for Editing Direct Messages, Employee Confirms" ,  X – the microblogging platform owned by Elon Musk – has been gradually adding a slew of features since the billionaire's takeover in 2022 when it was still called Twitter. The latest feature which could soon be introduced on X is the ability to edit direct messages (DMs), according to information provided by an employee on the social media platform, although the timeline of its rollout remains unknown. The platform recently began working on a feature that lets users disable links in replies to posts according to reports. X Working on Support for Editing Direct Messages X employee Enrique (@enriquebrgn) claimed that the platform would start working on the ability to edit DMs. The feature is speculated to work along the same lines as the one present in other social media apps such as WhatsApp and Instagram, which let users edit sent messages for a specific time period.  Responding to a user's query regarding if the same functionality could be introduced to replies as well, the employee said, “baby steps”. The claim was also bolstered by a comment on the post by Elon Musk. While X offers the ability to edit posts and comments, it is limited to X Premium subscribers. Furthermore, DMs once sent cannot be edited. With the feature's anticipated development, it remains unclear whether it will too be tied to the premium subscription or will be available to all users. If it comes to fruition, the ability to edit DMs could help users rectify unintentional errors that occur occasionally while typing. WhatsApp May Allow Users to React to Messages by Double-Tapping Them


Elon Musk’s X Gives Users Chance to Keep Posts From Grok AI Chatbot


X May Allow Users to Disable Links in Post Replies With New Feature Other Features in Development In addition to more functionality in DMs, the microblogging platform is also reported to be developing other new features, including a ‘Dislike' Button on iOS as a way to downvote posts. The feature was reportedly leaked via code references in the X app, with hints towards a heartbroken emoji-style icon for dislikes. The same feature is also speculated to be introduced for replies to posts, implementing a Reddit-like format for rating posts and comments. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Realme 13 Pro, Realme 13 Pro+ With Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC, 5,200mAh Battery Launched in India: Price, Specifications" ,  Realme 13 Pro+ and Realme 13 Pro were launched in India on Tuesday. The latest Realme 13 Pro series runs on a Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC from Qualcomm and sports a 6.7-inch Full-HD+ display. The Realme 13 Pro+ has a triple rear camera setup led by a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-701 primary rear camera, while the Realme 13 Pro gets a dual rear camera unit. Both phones house 5,200mAh battery units with up to 80W fast charging support. Realme 13 Pro+, Realme 13 Pro Price in India The Realme 13 Pro+ is priced at Rs. 32,999 for the 8GB + 256GB and Rs. 34,999 for the 12GB + 256GB RAM and storage versions. The top-end model with 12GB RAM + 512GB storage is priced at Rs. 36,999. It is available in Emerald Green and Monet Gold colourways. The price of Realme 13 Pro starts at Rs. 26,999 for the 8GB RAM + 128GB storage version. The 8GB + 256GB and 12GB + 512GB RAM and storage variants are priced at Rs. 28,999 and Rs. 31,999 respectively. It is offered in Emerald Green, Monet Purple, and Monet Gold shades. Realme has scheduled an early bird sale for the Realme 13 Pro series today from 6:00pm to 10:00pm through Realme.com and Flipkart. The pre-booking for the phones will start on July 31 at 12:00pm IST onwards and first sale is set to start on August 6 at 12:00pm IST. Launch offers include a bank-based discount of Rs. 3,000 and no-cost EMI options for 12 months. Additionally, Realme is providing an extended warranty of one year for the new Realme 13 Pro 5G series. Realme 13 Pro+ specifications The dual-SIM (Nano) Realme 13 Pro+ runs on Android 14-based Realme UI 5.0 and features a 6.7-inch full-HD+(1,080x2,412 pixels) AMOLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate. The smartphone is powered by an octa-core 4nm Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 SoC, along with an Adreno 710 GPU and up to 12GB of RAM and up to 512GB of onboard storage. For optics, Realme has packed a triple rear camera unit on the Realme 13 Pro+. The camera setup includes a 50-megapixel 1 / 1.56-inch Sony LYT-701 sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) and an f/1.88 aperture, a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-600 periscope telephoto camera and an 8-megapixel ultra-wide angle lens.  Realme 13 Pro+ (Monet Gold), Realme 13 Pro+ (Monet Purple)Photo Credit: Realme  On the front, there is a 32-megapixel camera for selfies and video chats. The camera setup employs several AI-based features such as AI audio zoom, AI group enhance and AI smart removal among others collectively called HyperImage+. Connectivity options on the new Realme 13 Pro+ include Wi-Fi 6, and Bluetooth 5.2. It comes with an X-axis linear motor for gaming. The phone packs dual stereo speakers with Hi-Res audio support. It offers an in-display fingerprint scanner for biometric authentication. Realme 13 Pro+ is equipped with a 5,200mAh battery along with 80W SuperVOOC fast charging support. The Emerald Green colour option of the phone measures 161.34 x 73.91 x 8.41mm and weighs 185.5 grams. Realme 13 Pro specifications The Realme 13 Pro has the same SIM, software specifications and chipset as the Realme 13 Pro+. The vanilla model gets a 6.7-inch full-HD+ OLED display with up to 120Hz refresh rate and runs on the Snapdragon 7s Gen 2 chipset coupled with up to 12GB RAM and up to 512GB storage. Realme has equipped the handset a nine-layer cooling system, with a 4500 square mm tempered vapour chamber and a 9953 square mm graphite area. For optics, the Realme 13 Pro has a dual rear camera setup, comprising a 50-megapixel Sony LYT-600 1 / 1.95-inch sensor with OIS support and an 8-megapixel ultra-wide camera. For selfies and video chats, the device has a 32-megapixel front camera. Connectivity options are identical to the Realme 13 Pro+. It has an IP65 rating for water and dust resistance. It is backed by a 5,200mAh battery with support for 45W SuperVOOC charging support. The Emerald Green variant of the phone measures 161.34x75.91x8.41mm and weighs around 183.5 grams. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Meta AI Studio With Support for Generating AI Characters, Digital Avatars on Instagram Rolled Out" ,  Meta AI Studio is now rolling out to users on Instagram. The social media giant announced the AI avatar creation platform last year during its Connect event and it is now available to some users on its photo and video sharing platform. Powered by the recently released Llama 3.1 405B artificial intelligence (AI) model, AI Studio can create mini chatbots dubbed AI characters with a specific knowledge base that can interact with other users. Instagram creators can also use the tool to build AI-powered digital avatars of themselves to interact with those who follow them. Instagram Users Can Now Create AI Characters In a newsroom post, Meta announced that its AI Studio is now rolling out to users. It can be accessed either through the Instagram app or the AI Studio website. Currently, the feature is limited to those residing in the US. Making the announcement, the company said, “AI Studio lets anyone create and discover AI characters and allows creators to build an AI as an extension of themselves to reach more fans.”  AI character feature on AI StudioPhoto Credit: Meta  There are two distinct features within AI Studio. First is AI characters. This feature will allow any user to create an AI-powered character completer with a name, tagline, and description. The user can add this information, and based on that, AI will generate a mini chatbot that will adhere to those instructions. Once created, the AI character can interact with other users across Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp, and the web. In functionality, the feature is similar to AI agents. These are mini chatbots created with a specific knowledge base and purpose. They usually only generate responses in that specific domain without losing their conversational nature. OpenAI has similar AI agents it calls GPTs. Google Gemini's AI agents are known as Gemma. However, Instagram isn't the first to introduce this feature in the social media space. Platforms such as Character.ai and Butterflies already allow users to create such AI characters. Another feature in AI Studio is available only to Instagram creators. While Meta did not disclose the eligibility criteria, it said that creators can use the AI platform to create AI avatars of themselves that can respond to direct messages (DMs) and story replies. This automation is aimed at those creators who have a large number of unanswered messages and struggle to connect with those who follow them. The tool will let them engage and respond to all of them.  Instagram AI avatars featurePhoto Credit: Meta  The feature was first reported in April. At the time, the company was said to be running initial tests on the feature. It was also said to be extended to the comment section and let AI avatars reply to comments on their posts and Reels. Meta AI Can Now Generate Images of You in Different Styles and Settings


You Can Now Add Up to 20 Audio Tracks to a Single Instagram Reel


Instagram to Focus on Short-Form Content Over Long Videos AI avatars will be customisable, and Meta says creators will be able to base these avatars on things such as their “Instagram content, topics to avoid and links they want it to share.” Creators will also be able to turn auto-replies on and off through the professional dashboard within the Instagram app and choose who the AI replies to. Further, the responses generated using AI will be labelled to help the user know who is responding. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Borderlands Boss Says Announcement on Next Gearbox Game Could Come Soon" ,  The next Borderlands game was confirmed to be in active development by publisher 2K earlier this year. Now, Randy Pitchford, head of Borderlands developer Gearbox, has seemingly teased the title, saying that it might not be long before an official announcement on the studio's next game arrives. Without naming the game, the executive said that fans would be “very, very happy” with Gearbox's next project. Pitchford's comments come just ahead of the release of the Borderlands film adaptation, set to arrive in theatres August 9. Gearbox's next project nears announcement Speaking to GamesRadar+, Pitchford teased the next Borderlands title, without explicitly mentioning Borderlands 4. According to the studio head, an official announcement on their next project isn't too far off. The studio, meanwhile, is confirmed to be working on the next instalment in the Borderlands franchise. "I'm confident that our fans are going to be very, very happy with the next video game project when we are ready to announce it,” Pitchford told GamesRadar+. “And I will tell you that we're not going to be making people wait for a long time before we announce it.” PS Plus Monthly Free Games for July Revealed: Borderlands 3, NHL 24, Among Us Pitchford said Gearbox was working on “big things” and multiple projects were in development at the studio. Previous leaks have hinted that the studio could be working on a Tiny Tina's Wonderlands sequel alongside Borderlands 4. The LinkedIn profile of a Gearbox employee had reportedly hinted at the two games in the works at the developer. The last mainline game in the Borderlands franchise was 2019's Borderlands 3. A spin-off, Tiny Tina's Wonderlands, was released in 2022. A Borderlands film adaptation, starring Cate Blanchett, Kevin Hart and Jack Black, is set for theatrical release on August 9. In his comments to GamesRadar+, Pitchford also teased a sequel to the upcoming Borderlands film, saying that an announcement on the same could arrive "before the end of the year” or “maybe sooner.” Take-Two Interactive acquired Gearbox from Embracer Group in March in a deal worth $460 million (roughly Rs. 3,851 crore). In a press release confirming the acquisition, Take-Two had said that Gearbox and 2K were actively developing the next installment in the Borderlands series. “Gearbox currently has six key interactive entertainment projects in various stages of development, including five sequels, two of which are from the Borderlands and Homeworld franchises, and at least one exciting new intellectual property,” Take-Two had said at the time. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Honor X60i With MediaTek Dimensity 6080 Chipset, IP64 Rating Launched: Price, Specifications" ,  Honor X60i has been unveiled in China with a dual rear camera setup and a MediaTek Dimensity 6080 chipset, paired with up to 12GB of RAM. It is equipped with a 50-megapixel rear camera and has an IP64 rating for dust and splash resistance. The smartphone is currently available for pre-orders in China and will go on sale later this week, and there's no word from the company on when it will be launched in India. This newly-launched phone succeeds the Honor X50i, which was introduced in China in April 2023. Honor X60i Price, Availability The Honor X60i starts in China at CNY 1,399 (roughly Rs. 16,100) for the 8GB + 256GB option, while the 12GB + 256GB and 12GB + 512GB variants are priced at CNY 1,599 (roughly Rs. 18,400) and CNY 1,799 (roughly Rs. 20,700), respectively. It will go on sale starting August 2 via the Honor China e-store and is currently available for pre-orders. The handset is offered in Cloud Blue, Coral Purple, Magic Night Black and Moon Shadow White (translated from Chinese) colour options. Honor Magic 6 Pro Spotted on BIS Website; India Launch Appears Imminent Honor X60i Specifications, Features The Honor X60i sports a 6.7-inch Full-HD+ (1,080 x 2,412 pixels) AMOLED screen with up to 90Hz refresh rate. The handset is powered by a MediaTek Dimensity 6080 chipset paired with a Mali-G57 MC2 GPU, up to 12GB of RAM and up to 512GB of onboard storage. The phone ships with Android 14-based MagicOS 8.0. For optics, the Honor X60i is equipped with a dual rear camera system including a 50-megapixel primary sensor and a 2-megapixel depth sensor alongside an LED flash unit. The front camera carries an 8-megapixel sensor. Honor 200 5G, Honor 200 Pro 5G With 50-Megapixel Cameras Launched in India


Honor 200 Pro First Impressions The Honor X60i packs a 5,000mAh battery with support for 35W charging. The smartphone also supports dual 5G, dual 4G, Wi-Fi, OTG, GPS, A-GPS, Galileo, Bluetooth 5.1 and USB Type-C connectivity. For biometric authentication, it carries an in-display fingerprint sensor. The phone also comes with an IP64 rating for dust and splash resistance. The handset measures 161.05 x 74.55 x 7.18mm in size and weighs 172g. 




title = "iOS 18.1 Developer Beta 1 With Apple Intelligence, Call Recording and More Features Rolled Out" ,  iOS 18.1 Developer Beta 1 update for eligible iPhone models was rolled out to Apple on Monday and the latest update adds several highly anticipated features for testers. The most notable addition is Apple Intelligence – its suite of artificial intelligence (AI) features for Apple devices such as the iPhone, iPad and Mac that it unveiled at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2024 on June 10. The update also adds features to Siri, brings new tools and support for Apple's new AI tools, in addition to system-wide improvements and bug fixes. iOS 18.1 Developer Beta 1 Features According to Apple's release notes, the iOS 18.1 Developer Beta 1 update adds new features related to Apple Intelligence. A new AI-powered writing feature is available to testers, with options for proofreading documents with spelling and grammar checks and rewriting text for different tones: Concise, Friendly or Professional. It can also summarise the text, highlighting all the key points for easier understanding. This feature was shown off during a demo at WWDC 2024, the company annual developer conference. Apple Intelligence Availability to Be Delayed Beyond iOS 18 Launch Siri, Apple's in-built voice assistant, has also been upgraded with the iOS 18.1 beta. It gets contextual awareness, meaning users can ask it queries without knowing the exact jargon. Siri can follow the conversations along even if users stumble in between voice queries. Following the update, the new Siri UI that glows around the edges has also been introduced, when the voice assistant is enabled. In Messages, smart reply options are now present which analyse the text of the message to provide relevant quick responses. The Photos app has also been updated with Apple Intelligence features related to automatic movie creation. Users can now leverage the Memory Movie option to create movies related to their prompts automatically. Apple to Adopt Voluntary AI Safeguards Established by White House Although the feature picks the media on its own, users can manually tweak it to add or remove specific content or change the audio. Furthermore, the app also gets natural language search which allows the user to search for media in simple language. In Safari, Apple Intelligence can now summarise web pages when Reader Mode is enabled. With the latest iOS 18 Developer Beta update, Apple also brings a call recording feature to the Phone app. The recorded calls can be found in the Notes app, along with an option to get its transcription. Maintaining its promise of transparency, Apple has also brought the Apple Intelligence Report feature in Settings. Through this feature, users can access their activity and export it following Face ID authentication. The Cupertino-based technology giant says its AI features use on-device processing combined with Private Cloud Compute. iPhone 15, iPhone 14, Other Models Get Price Cuts Up to Rs. 5,900 in India iOS 18.1 Developer Beta 1 Availability The iOS 18.1 Developer Beta 1 update is only introduced for iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max – both models supporting Apple Intelligence courtesy of their A17 Pro chipset. In addition to iOS 18.1, the iPhone maker has also introduced Developer Beta updates with Apple Intelligence features for iPadOS 18.1 and ‌macOS Sequoia‌ 15.1. Apple says iPad and Mac models with Apple Silicon chipsets can leverage the new AI features. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } 




title = "Google Pixel 9 Series to Debut in India on August 14; Confirmed to Go on Sale Through Flipkart" ,  Google Pixel 9 series is confirmed to launch in India a day after the global “Made by Google” hardware launch event. The flagship lineup is tipped to include four models — including the Pixel 9 Pro and Pixel 9 Pro Fold models that have already been teased to arrive as the successors to last year's Pixel 8 Pro and Pixel Fold, respectively. They are confirmed to go on sale in the country via Flipkart. The Pixel 9 Pro Fold will be the first Google foldable to reach the Indian market. Pixel 9 Series to Go on Sale in India via Flipkart Flipkart has created a dedicated microsite to tease the arrival of the Pixel 9 series in India. These handsets will be launched in the country on August 14. While the listing only mentions the Pixel 9 series, the poster showcases the Pixel 9 Pro Fold and the Pixel 9 Pro models. The listing confirms that they will go on sale via the e-commerce website. Google has tapped Flipkart as the exclusive retail partner for the launch of the Pixel 8 series, just like its previous smartphone models. Google is hosting its next Made by Google event on August 13 in global markets including the US, where it will unveil its latest lineup of Pixel devices. The brand is expected to disclose the price and availability details of the phones for India on August 14. Besides the Pixel 9 Pro and Pixel 9 Pro Fold, the upcoming lineup is anticipated to include the Pixel 9 and Pixel 9 Pro XL models. Google Pixel 9, Pixel 9 Pro XL Renders Leak Again; Suggests Colours The Pixel 9 Pro and Pixel 9 Pro Fold are already listed on Google's India website and users can sign up to receive the latest updates about the upcoming handsets and their availability. The release of Pixel 9 Pro Fold in India will mark the debut of Google's foldable in the country. The tech giant's first foldable phone — Pixel Fold — has been confined to select global markets. The Pixel 9 Pro Fold would compete with the likes of Samsung's Galaxy Z Fold 6, OnePlus Open and Tecno Phantom V Fold in the country. Pixel 9 Pro, Pixel 9 Pro Fold specifications (Leaked) The Pixel 9 Pro is tipped to boast a 6.3-inch display with 16GB of RAM. The Pixel 9 Pro Fold could arrive with a 6.3-inch cover screen, an 8-inch main display, and 16GB of RAM. Both phones could be powered by a new Tensor G4 chip. Google Pixel 9 Pro Fold Teased, to Go Official in India Next Month The Pixel 9 Pro is likely to feature a triple rear camera unit comprising a 50-megapixel main camera and two 48-megapixel sensors. It is said to be equipped with a 42-megapixel selfie camera. The Pixel 9 Pro Fold could arrive with a triple rear camera setup including a 48-megapixel main camera accompanied by a 10.5-megapixel sensor and a 10.8-megapixel sensor. It is likely to feature a 10-megapixel camera on the front for selfies and video chats.  Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.




title = "Poco M6 Plus 5G, Poco Buds X1 Retail Boxes Leak Online; Key Specifications Tipped" ,  Poco M6 Plus 5G and Poco Buds X1 are scheduled to launch in India on August 1. The company has teased the design and key features of both the smartphone and the true wireless stereo (TWS) earphones. Previous reports have also hinted at expected features of the handset, which is speculated to be a rebranded Redmi 13 5G. Now, alleged retail boxes of the devices have leaked online suggesting the design of the phone as well as the TWS earphones including their charging case. Poco M6 Plus 5G, Poco Buds X1 Retail Boxes Leak Tipster Yogesh Brar leaked the retail box images of the devices in a post on X. The Poco M6 Plus 5G appears in a blue colourway. Notably, the phone has already been confirmed to come in a Graphite Black shade and teased in a third purple option. The layout of the rear camera module appears to be similar to the Redmi 13 5G, with two circular camera units arranged vertically in the top left corner alongside an LED flash unit. POCO is coming up with two new products POCO M6 Plus 5G & the POCO Buds X1POCO M6 Plus 5G gets:- 6.8" LCD panel- Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 AE- 108MP camera- 5,030mAh batteryGot any thoughts or questions? pic.twitter.com/N65LvucknA— Yogesh Brar (@heyitsyogesh) July 29, 2024 Meanwhile, the Poco Buds X1 are seen in a white colourway, with a yellow shade inside the magnetic charging case. The earbuds are placed vertically within the case which suggests that the charging points are placed at the bottom of the stem of each earbud. A thin strip of LED panel also appears on the case which is likely to indicate the battery and charging levels of the earphones. Poco M6 Plus 5G Features (Expected) The tipster adds in his post that the Poco M6 Plus 5G will likely sport a 6.8-inch LCD screen and carry a Snapdragon 4 Gen 2 AE (accelerated edition) SoC, which the company has already confirmed. Notably, this is the same chipset that the Redmi 13 5G carries. Poco M6 Plus 5G With 108-Megapixel Camera to Launch in India on This Date Poco M6 Plus 5G is expected to be backed by a 5,030mAh battery. The company has teased that it will be equipped with a dual rear camera unit, including a 108-megapixel main sensor with 3x in-sensor zoom support. These features back the speculation that the phone could be a rebranded Redmi 13 5G. Poco Buds X1 TWS India Launch Date, Design, Key Features Revealed


Poco F6 Deadpool Limited Edition Debuts in India at This Price Poco Buds X1 Features The Poco Buds X1 have been confirmed to feature an in-ear design with silicone tips and 12.4mm dynamic titanium drivers. They are also claimed to offer up to 40dB hybrid active noise cancellation (ANC) and a quad mic system with AI-backed environmental noise cancellation (ENC). The company has announced that these TWS earphones will be compatible with the Xiaomi Earbuds app. 




